2 Strange things have been happening, first Duc was chased by two crooks to the Sensa News, then the crooks try to take Duc from Sensa News. Fortunately, Ace was there to save him. However when they go back to the Magic Express, they been rocked by grenades. What's worse is the Magic Express is in fire. The Express goes away, until comes to a cliff, the Express falls into the ocean. Luckily, the Express can still operate underwater. Yet, Duc complains to Ace about him being crazy, but Ace confronts Duc. Duc shows Ace a CD video about a new director in the St. Paul Hospital name John Wosh. However, John Wosh isn't really who he is, his real name is Paul Kelly and was arrested for illegal chemical experiments. Duc gets to the hospital headfirst, only to be taken away. Ace and Cosmo arrive there, they learn that the secret of the hospital is to treat people with a new virus then give a medication for a high price. Ace saves Duc who was about to be thrown in boiling liquid. They find Wosh an 1 The Paparazzo Affair
1 'John Paul Newman was a member of the New South Wales state parliament and Member of the seat of Cabramatta. He was the first politician to be assassinated in Australia.For many years Newman had been waging a campaign to break up the Asian crime gangs and corruption that had plagued the area. He had been the target of numerous death threats from such gangs but did not seek police protection. During the night of September 5, 1994 while outside his Woods Avenue home, he was shot and killed. His fianc?e, Lucy Wang, was with him at the time but saw little of what happened because of the swiftness of the murder.A local nightclub owner, Phuong Ngo, who had previously attempted to secure Labor Party pre-selection for the seat, was convicted of the killing in 2001. Two of Ngo's associates escaped convictions. In 2003, an appeal by Ngo against the conviction failed. The Assassination of John Newman 2005-08-01 15
Debbie McLeod guestStars
directors Henry Bromell
Noah Plener guestStars
Frank Whaley guestStars
Jill Danson guestStars
2 2014-02-14 Chapter 20 7 Despite some friction, the Walkers deepen their friendship with the Underwoods. But it's all-out war between Francis and Tusk.
writers Sean Whitesell
guestStars Steven Marcus
director John David Coles
Tom Gries directors
1 Mike visits a coffee plantation in Hawaii and learns about the long process in how to make coffee, from picking the beans to roasting them.  Mike then goes to Sausalito, CA to be a marine mammal rescuer and help rehabilitate some injured seals.Finally, Mike learns about ostrich farming, from their daily upkeep to collecting their eggs. 8 Ostrich Farmer 2005-10-04
Tom Amandes guestStars
director Garth Maxwell
director Mike Smith
Carolyn McCormick guestStars
Alan Hale Jr. guestStars
Na Young Seok directors
guestStars Christopher McCulloch
Robert B. Weide directors
Eric Lucas guestStars
Josef Leytes directors
Yotsugi Doll - Part 4 Koyomi and Yotsugi land at the base of the mountain, where they are surprisingly met by Ougi Oshino. She talks with Koyomi for a while about his current situation and his upcoming confrontation with Teori. Koyomi and Yotsugi begin their journey up the mountain. The two discuss how they will be able to rescue Koyomi's sisters and Suruga. Koyomi hopes that they'll be able to sneak past Teori and get them without him noticing, but Yotsugi is doubtful of that plan. She expects that Koyomi will have to convince Teori to let them go, as this is how Koyomi normally deals with his opponents. Yotsugi then briefly explains how she was created. Back during their college days, Yozuru, Teori, Meme, and Deishu Kaiki did a project to create and artificial shikigami from the corpse of a human, under the direction of Izuko. Yozuru and Teori both fought for 'ownership' of Yotsugi, but in the end, Yotsugi chose to stay with Yozuru. This led to a falling out between Yozuru and Teori. Yotsugi discloses that the reason she is telling Koyomi this is because, if things were dire, he could choose to hand over Yotsugi to Teori in order to resolve the situation. Koyomi refuses to consider the option. He instead instructs Yotsugi to find the hostages, and use her power to immediately get away, while he distracts Teori. Yotsugi points out that if she were to leave, Koyomi and Shinobu would be left helpless before Teori. Yotsugi halfheartedly suggests offering Shinobu to Teori, which Koyomi refuses. Yotsugi points out that Koyomi's desire to have the hostages rescued while not being willing to give up either Yotsugi, Shinobu, or himself shows a lack of maturity. She then suggests that if she were to get close enough to Teori, she could use her powers to kill him before he has a chance to react. Koyomi is shocked at the suggestion. He wants to preserve what humanity is left in Yotsugi, and if she were to kill Teori, she would lose it. The two reach the shrine, and observe Teori. He is sitting on the offertory box, folding origami. Koyomi realizes that he is counting time with that: once the box is full of origami, time is up. Koyomi decides to use his simple decoy plan, and Yotsugi leaves to sneak in through the rear of the shrine. As Koyomi is preparing to confront Teori, Shinobu appears from his shadow. She tells him that she doesn't care if he is no longer human, so if Koyomi is about to die, she'll turn him into a full vampire. Koyomi then confronts Teori. Teori reveals that both he and Yozuru have a curse upon them that prevents them from walking on the ground. He then says that his reason for kidnapping those close to Koyomi was so that he could kill Koyomi. However, Teori is perplexed at the situation. He knows that he is there to kill Koyomi, but why him? On paper it seems like Teori is the best person to oppose Koyomi, almost as if he were cast for the role. He can't help but feel that someone else has manipulated events so that it would turn out to be him fighting Koyomi. While this conversation is taking place, Yotsugi is shown searching the shrine for the hostages. Koyomi is angered by Teori's musings on the situation, but Teori points out that Koyomi's anger merely fits the role that he had been cast. The two of them are following their scripts. He tells Koyomi to find Meme, as he is the one who could bring balance outside of the casting or script. Koyomi replies that he has searched, and asks Teori if he knows where Meme is. Teori replies that he does not. Teori drops a final origami into the offertory box, and it fills up. Teori gets ready to fight Koyomi, stating that he's sick of being manipulated and used like a pawn. Teori then appears to be talking to someone other than Koyomi. It is revealed to be Yotsugi, who appears in front of Teori. Yotsugi uses her powers and kills Teori. Koyomi is shocked. Yotsugi reassures him that he had nothing to do with her decision. Even if there were a way to save everyone, she decided to do it because she is a monster, in her own words. She tells Koyomi to not end up like her. Karen, Tsukihi, and Suruga are found in the offertory box, and are taken back to Suruga's house. Taking an external view of things, Koyomi realizes that the point of this incident was to create a rift between him and Yotsugi. He was disgusted by her actions. Later, Koyomi visits Hitagi Senjougahara's house, who surprises him with chocolates. He remembers that today is Valentine's Day. Koyomi and Hitagi discuss the previous day's events and what they mean for his future. Hitagi surmises that things are fine for now, and that worrying too much about the future isn't all that great. He should just focus on living his life. After returning home, Koyomi enters his sister's room and finds Yotsugi sitting on Tsukihi's bed. Yotsugi explains that she was won by Tsukihi in the same claw game that Koyomi played the previous night, though Tsukihi needed only three attempts to get her. She goes on to say that both Yozuru and Izuko realized that the point of the previous day's incident was to create a rift in between Koyomi and Yotsugi, and as such, they should oppose whatever party that is causing these incidents. Therefore, until balance is achieved in the town, Yotsugi will be living in the Araragi household, which will serve to help Koyomi and Yotsugi reconcile.  0 18 2014-12-31
director Nick Gomez
director Rick Marshall
Jessica Marais guestStars
Daniel Baldwin actor
directors Martin Witz
9 1 The Challenge D.J. Mickus was about to leave the DNA Club to go home for the night when he runs into an army of six-legged robots. He becomes the latest contestant in a manical game show, and he gets push off for not answering a question. Ace, Cosmo, and Vega go to the hospital to try to figure what really happen. Cosmo then, explains about the game show interrupting regular progamming and how the same commericals appear. Ace suddenly gets a phone call from the show's host saying a poetry clue on who will be the next victim. They figure it was Zelda Cosmo's friend. Zelda had a problem herself because her motorcycle makes it 240 miles per hour, but Ace and Cosmo saved her. Back at the Magic Express, Ace, Cosmo, and Vega learn who is behind all this and the game's host: Patrick Shoemaker. Ace started his own show and according to Angel, Shoemaker blamed Ace for the fall from fame. Shoemaker then calls Ace and challenges him to play as a contestant in order to guess the next victim. With no choice Ace 1999-04-24
Larry David writers
writers Peter Barry
It's Not A Reunion Show But It's The Closest You're Gonna Get 0 2009-09-08 11 A behind the scenes look at a cast reunion for Seinfeld cast members Jerry Seinfeld, Louis-Dreyfus, Jason Alexander and Michael Richards to start off season seven of Curb Your Enthusiasm.
Nguyen-Tu Tucker guestStars
directors Salim Akil
Malik Bendjelloul directors
Barbara Steele guestStars
Chapter 29 The Russian president's state visit becomes a cold war of wills, and some punks heat things up. 2015-02-27 3 3
2015-11-15 Koyomi Araragi waits in the ruins of the cram school to ask Suruga Kanbaru for help, a request he hopes she will refuse. Shinobu Mail - Part 1 7 4
Isabella Hofmann guestStars
Jennifer Courtney guestStars
guestStars J.D. Evermore
Viveca Lindfors guestStars
Kulvinder Ghir actor
Zden?k Kry??nek actor
directors Ellen Gittelsohn
directors Rob Cohen
Larry David writers
guestStars Loren Marsteller
Allan Rich guestStars
Tony Lo Bianco guestStars
2 In the middle of spring cleaning, Brock's discovery of a lost videotape from Jonas Venture Sr. sets Team Venture off on a global scavenger hunt for the hidden pieces of a fantastic and potentially deadly machine.  But to save humanity from a terrible fate, they'll have to overcome death, drug addiction, Jonny Quest and Professor Impossible - all under the watchful eye of the mysterious Grand Galactic Inquisitor. 20 Years to Midnight 2006-08-06 5
director Anya Adams
director Gareth Carrivick
writers James Yoshimura
directors Cary Fukunaga
guestStars Ming Lo
guestStars Karen Williams
2 22 Episode 22 2017-09-13
guestStars Jennifer Caldwell
director Felix Feist
actor Ian McKellen
Michael Jaffe directors
2009-11-22 10 7 Seinfeld Not tipping for a favor gets Larry into bad graces with the studio lot's coffee guy, while Julia Louis-Dreyfus accuses him of leaving a ring on an antique table in her house. Meanwhile, he deals with the suspicion that their closeness during production of the Seinfeld reunion has led to Cheryl sleeping with Jason Alexander.
Danny Chun writers
actor Yaphet Kotto
1 22 Cold Sweat (2) Last time on The Magician, Ace was traped in the cryogenic chamber because Gus's revenge. Cosmo and Dr. Charles opened the chamber Ace is in but his body slowly breaks up into pieces as Cosmo touches it. But that Ace was a phoney because the real Ace just showed up. Gus Moreland's condition is dangerously critical and he apologizes Ace for his rude attitude and wants to know the whole truth. Ace tells him what happen the day they try to steal the money from a sciece company. Ace then explains about Jac Malone and how he said Gus is out of the gang and lied to Ace that Gus can get out there himself. Gus gets real mad at Jack or in other words, Black Jack. So now he's going after his family to avenge Black Jack. Ace gets in the way when the Cryogenic Center collapsed. Ace survives and Cosmo and Vega goes to Croesus Palace to keep an eye on Black Jack while Ace goes to Mona's house to warn her not leave her home for her life is now in danger. Gus arrives at the Croesus Palace and arranges 1999-07-10
Julian Richings guestStars
Kari Matchett guestStars
Amelia Bullmore writers
Akiyuki Shimbou directors
Alyson Lyon guestStars
directors Michael Hurst
guestStars JB Smoove
directors Tom Fontana
writers Tom Fontana
writers Danny Chun
Sally Field guestStars
Vegard Ylvis?ker actor
guestStars Christopher McCulloch
guestStars Jerry Orbach
guestStars Bray Poor
director Geoffrey Cawthorn
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
directors Keith Truesdell
director Henry Bromell
director Nick Wood
Beau Willimon writers
director Laura Shepherd
Tim Bagley guestStars
directors Bernard Girard
1 1999-03-20 Cyber On Lt. Vega's birthday, he thinks no one's concerned about it, but his secretary Miss LeSage deliver a surprise present from Ace. But before he open it, he gets another surprise present from Capt. Friedrichs. Vega gets to work with a strange new partner: a robotic police recruit named Cyber. Invented by the Cyber Corporation, Cyber is the first cybernetic police officer, and it won't be the last thanks to the company's vice-president, Eldin Tyrole. Cyber gets his first test at the Croesus Palace where two robbers are causing trouble. Ace and Cosmo stop the robbers are causing trouble. Ace and Cosmo stop the robbers and Cyber hauls them off to jail, giving the cybercop a media blitz. Back at the Magic Express, Ace, Cosmo, and Vega learn the robbery was a set-up to give Cyber publicity. Before Vega can give robbers questions, Tyrole who just happens to be Black Jack's niece has already freed them. Vega gets ticked off when two more cybercops try to clean his office. As he yells at Cyber, 4
13 1 2009-02-28 Revenant The truth behind the thousand year old legend of the Seeker Kieran is uncovered.
Mimi Kennedy guestStars
writers Eric Wojtanik
guestStars Mekhi Phifer
Mina Kolb guestStars
Larry David writers
Kari Matchett actor
guestStars Lauren Tom
Regis Harrington guestStars
directors Akiyuki Shinbo
Kevin Dunn guestStars
Mark Beesley directors
2016-03-05 0 29 Koyomi Torus
J.D. Evermore guestStars
Ruthless and cunning, Congressman Francis Underwood and his wife Claire stop at nothing to conquer everything. This wicked political drama penetrates the shadowy world of greed, sex and corruption in modern D.C. 2013-02-01 House of Cards (US) Ended
Joey Scherr guestStars
directors Jeff Schaffer
Earthworm 1 1 2008-05-05 Isabella Rossellini explores the mating habits of worms.
Terike Haapoja guestStars
Antoinette Spolar guestStars
actor Johannes Krisch
Karen Racicot guestStars
1 After the birthday party, Jaekyung shows her interest to Junpyo. With her easy going personality, Jaekyung becomes friend with Jandi. Although Jandi likes Jaekyung’s untainted and friendly attitude, she feels uncomfortable. Jihu runs into his grandfather while taking saddened Jandi to her volunteer work at the clinic. Yijung and Woobin fail to seclude Jaekyung from Junpyo. With Gaeul’s help, Yijung finally reunites Junpyo and Jandi. 16 Episode 16 2009-02-24
writers Les Carter
directors Robert Cohen
1 8 2009-01-27 At last Jihu and Jandi go on an official date. Invited to Jihu's house, Jandi smiles bitterly at the remnants of Seohyun found all over the house. Tailing the two, Junpyo discovers that he still has feelings for Jandi. Meanwhile, Jandi rushes to the hospital upon hearing that Junpyo has been in an accident. There, she realizes her true feelings for Joon-pyo. Episode 8
Puppeteer 1 9 2009-01-17 Zedd uses magic to outsmart Darken Rahl and steal the third and final Box of Orden
Don Megowan guestStars
Frances Collier guestStars
director Barry Levinson
23 0 Presenting document Whores' Glory 2013-10-16
director Claire Scanlon
directors Rick Marshall
2 6 2016-02-08 Maybe No Go White and Billy grapple with their archenemy in their old neighborhood; Doc realizes he cannot face his responsibilities alone.
0 53 2014-09-03 Special Guests: Jasper P??kk?nen and P?ivi Uljas
director Ronald Weyman
Mike Rowe takes a look at some of the tools and machines which make doing dirty jobs a little easier. Mike talks about some of the behind the scenes machine action from when he was a house mover, a tire recycler, a demolition worker, a scrap metal recycler, a golf ball recycler, and finally a hot tar roofer. 0 2006-01-03 Dirtiest Tools & Machines 4
1 As the Jewish high holy days approach, a near-death experience, coupled with a comment made by his father, leaves Larry wondering if there's more to his identity than he thought. In better news, a sandwich now bears his name, but it's not entirely to his liking. The Larry David Sandwich 5 2005-09-25
70 0 Presenting document A Remix Manifesto 2014-10-15
actor Michael Ealy
Hello Goodbye 1 Monty wonders if it is possible to feel both happy and sad at the same time. 28 2016-09-14
guestStars Robbie Rox
guestStars Charles J. Musumeci
1 2017-07-11 Monty doesn't have any money to get his Mum a birthday gift, and wonders if a gift has to be big or cost money to be special. 52 The Greatest Gift
0 5 Volume 5 'Volume 5: Death in a Heartbeat - Murder of Victor Chang (60mins) (M)The Body in the Bag - Jane Doe (20 mins) (M)Contract to Kill - Megan Kalazcich (25 mins) (MA 15+)The Mornington Monster - John Myles Sharpe (25 mins) (MA 15
director Jesse Warn
2 0 2016-12-16 Finale - A Year The series finale charts a year in the life of Freddie and Stuart, who enjoy their inheritance and a birthday. Violet, meanwhile, moves on from her divorce; and Ash has big news.
Jonathan Orcutt guestStars
1 10 Wordsworth, 1770-1850 1984-10-28 Nature and human nature in William Wordsworth. Featured performer: Julian Glover.
writers Libby Hinson
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
directors Christine Gernon
writers Doc Hammer
Wild Goose Chase 0 22 'Mike Rowe goes on a wild goose chase - literally! After traveling to the tundra, Mike joins forces with a team of workers that round up a flock of wild geese with airplanes. 2007-08-27
writers Anya Epstein
guestStars James Urbaniak
Zadalauna Watson guestStars
Marko Lehtosalo guestStars
2017-12-05 Director's Cut 5 5
Pat McNamara guestStars
1 2015-07-21 6 Episode 6
2 2014-09-26 Laos - Part 3 3
director Jodie Foster
director Lee Shallat-Chemel
writers Matt Roller
directors Leslie Libman
Beau Starr guestStars
writers Robert Mitchell
Fredella D. Calloway guestStars
Antoinette Spolar guestStars
Super Helico ~ Banzai 90 1 2008-02-03 58
Steven Rattazzi actor
Paul Boocock guestStars
'Larry, Cheryl, Jeff and Susie encounter a ''nanny from hell'' whose reign of terror is thwarted by ten sponge cakes. Larry commits a ''penis faux pas'' after a pool party, and Richard Lewis seeks immortality from Bartlett's Quotations. The Nanny from Hell 2002-10-06 4 3
director Carl Franklin
director Keith Gordon
34 0 The Act of Killing 2013-11-06
Samuel L. Jackson guestStars
network CBeebies
Timothy Hutton directors
Joey Perillo guestStars
0 4
guestStars Douglas Glover
guestStars Elizabeth Reaser
1959-09-12 Bonanza 'The show chronicles the weekly adventures of the Cartwright family, headed by the thrice-widowed patriarch Ben Cartwright. He had three sons, each by a different wife: the eldest was the urbane architect Adam who built the ranch house; the second was the warm and lovable giant Eric ''Hoss''; and the youngest was the hotheaded and impetuous Joseph or ''Little Joe''. Via exposition and flashback episodes and each wife was accorded a different ethnicity. The family's cook was the Chinese immigrant Hop Sing. Ended
2016-02-06 0 Koyomi Wind 25
2 8 Tsukihi Phoenix - Part 1 2012-02-26 Koyomi is concentrated on his studies when he is interrupted by Karen who, much by his surprise, is wearing her sister Tsukihi's clothes, displaying an air more feminine than usual. Karen asks Koyomi to introduce her to Suruga knowing that she is friends with him, but he refuses without giving a reason, fearing that she would make a move on his sister. Karen then challenges his brother to a contest, making him promise to comply with her request if he loses. Koyomi then choses the contents of the challenge - she would let him brush her teeth for five minutes without resisting, which she accepts. Surprisingly, both start getting more and more aroused as Koyomi brushes Karen's teeth until Tsukihi barges in demanding an explanation. Despite fearing what punishment Tsukihi has in store for them after she leaves and Koyomi accepting defeat, Karen asks him to continue from where they stopped.
directors Na Young Seok
guestStars Arthur Eric Hunter
guestStars Anna Kontula
writers Seth Kurland
Thomas Stipsits actor
director Michael Dante DiMartino
Aaron D. Spears  actor
Na Young Seok directors
guestStars Gretchen Koerner
Raumpatrouille Orion 1966-09-17 What seems like a fairy tale today may be reality tomorrow. Here we have a fairy tale of the day after tomorrow. There are no more national states, only mankind and her colonies in outer space. We settle on stars far-off, the bottom of the sea is developed as living place. With what are today unimaginable speeds, the starships of tomorrow transverse the Milky Way. One of this starships is the Orion, a little piece in the giant security system which protects the Earth from outer space threats. Let's accompany the Orion and her crew at their patrols-service on the edge of infinity...  Ended
Marty Moreau guestStars
directors Theodor Gr?dler
1 Cosmic Clean-Up 5 When Stan and Violet ask Monty to tidy his room, they suggest he turn it into a game to make it more fun. However, Monty begins to question whether it is possible to do this. 2016-06-24
James Foley directors
2000-11-19 1 The Wire Hoping to bury an unsightly telephone wire dangling over their yard, Larry and Cheryl befriend a pair of bizarre neighbors who must approve the burial. The husband is an incompetent lawyer but a big Seinfeld fan, so to appease him Larry arranges to have Julia Louis-Dreyfuss come for a visit. But when the actress arrives, the lawyer is missing; he's been hired to defend Jeff in a case involving a destructive kid Jeff sponsored for a Fresh Air Fund camp. At Larry's house, Julia ends up buying a bracelet from the lawyer's wife -- the same kind Larry wanted in episode 4 -- only to later accuse Larry of stealing it after he buys a similar one for Cheryl. 6
Madlyn Rhue guestStars
Special Guest: Terike Haapoja 0 2013-10-02 18
Family Guy Sick, twisted, politically incorrect and Freakin' Sweet animated series featuring the adventures of the dysfunctional Griffin family. Bumbling Peter and long-suffering Lois have three kids. Stewie (a brilliant but sadistic baby bent on killing his mother and taking over the world), Meg (the oldest, and is the most unpopular girl in town) and Chris (the middle kid, he's not very bright but has a passion for movies). The final member of the family is Brian - a talking dog and much more than a pet, he keeps Stewie in check whilst sipping Martinis and sorting through his own life issues. Continuing 1999-01-31
director Jesse Warn
writers Sarah Treem
2 7 2014-10-15 About Freedom
2007-10-30 Mike exposes the fascinating secrets behind the dirty world of special effects. He explores this very strange world as he is transformed into a real life zombie by special effects artist, Toby Sells. Also, Mike gets dirty harvesting kelp. Special Effects Artist 15 3
2004-09-25 1 8 Mid-Life Chrysalis The Monarch sends Dr. Girlfriend undercover to seduce Dr. Venture in order to inject him with a body-altering serum. Meanwhile, Brock is deeply depressed to he learn his secret agent license to kill has expired, but the boys are hell-bent on helping him cram for his government exam.
director Barry Levinson
2017-05-30 11 5 As the team tries to control fallout from damaging testimony and leaks, everyone is under suspicion and tensions flare between Frank and Claire. Chapter 63
writers Herbert Reinecker
2014-09-17 Special Guests: Pekka Lehto and Venla M?ntysalo 0 59
director Bryan Gordon
directors Tom Fontana
director Jeff Schaffer
Leeanna Saunders guestStars
director Shana Goldberg-Meehan
directors Tom Fontana
Natalie Trundy guestStars
director Bernard Girard
1 'The ''rough magic'' of William Shakespeare's onstage verse. Featured performers: John Gielgud, Peggy Ashcroft, and Ralph Richardson. Shakespeare, 1564-1616 5 1984-05-30
18 1997-04-11 5 A girl complains to the desk sergeant about her father's abuse of her mother. Meldrick spends the night remembering Crosetti with the Chris and Eva Thormann. Chris reflects on his own memories of the shooting incident that blinded him, the shooter is now up for parole. Bayliss with Pembleton investigate the homicide of a man shot to death in his own house. The shooter, the murdered man's wife will testify, is their daughter. The case triggers a painful memory for Tim who goes to visit his Uncle George. Double Blind
directors Jeff Garlin
Josef Leytes directors
writers Nic Pizzolatto
writers Fritz B?ttger
1 19 Episode 19 2015-09-07
directors Rob Cohen
1 1 2015-07-06 Episode 1
Larry Charles directors
Theara J. Ward guestStars
Joaquin Obradors guestStars
Luke Ward-Wilkinson actor
directors Nick Wood
Harant Alianak guestStars
George Macminn guestStars
director Tomoyuki Itamura
Marcia Warren actor
Jake Gyllenhaal guestStars
Marina Inoue actor
1 55 2008-02-03 Nakama ~ Super Helico
About Social Media: The Thread 2015-09-23 3 3
2 9 The Baptism 2001-11-18 The Jewish fiance of Cheryl's sister converts to Christianity; Richard Lewis accuses Larry of stealing the outgoing message on his answering machine.
Jeanne Cooper guestStars
director Jun Ki Sang
Agnieszka Holland directors
John Capes guestStars
director Charlie Haskell
Kevin Arkadie writers
writers David R. Schwartz
First to Die A shotgun wedding leaves naval officers John Marmo and Rebecca Braswell in a troubled marriage with a baby. As the relationship crumbles, allegations of infidelity and abuse run rampant. A fierce custody battle pushes both sides in a deadly battle. 2016-01-23 3 3
Akiyuki Shimbou writers
6 1 1980-05-15
A New Start 1 11 2019-05-18 To avenge Yoo Tae Joon's death, Won Bong and Young Jin infiltrate the base camp of the Kwantung army and kill Murai. Now that they've acquired Comintern's funds and Majar, the bomb technician, they part their ways. But before they do so, Young Jin reveals to Won Bong that she works for the Korean Patriotic Corps.
Stephen DeStefano guestStars
guestStars Edward Andrews
guestStars Mary Foran
director Michael Glawogger
Nicki Paluga writers
Marshall Lancaster actor
Richard Branson guestStars
1 2011-01-23 Alaska Bruce travels to Alaska, America's last great wilderness, where modern-day pioneers are harvesting the vast natural wealth of the seas. Bruce learns the ropes onboard a salmon-fishing boat, and dives to the bottom of the Bering Sea to look for gold. In the far north Bruce witnesses the annual whale hunt of the Inupiak people whose ancient tradition is now at odds with the modern world and questions what is more important: the life of a whale or the death of a culture? 3
director Wolfgang Becker
Will Ferrell guestStars
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
actor Son Jong-Hak
Larry goes to the movies with one of Cheryl's friends and his pants have an unusual bulge in them, making him look like he's having an erection. 1 1 The Pants Tent 2000-10-15
Murder of Innocence-Sian Kingi 5 2009-06-25 On 27 November, 1987, 12-year-old Noosa school girl, Sian Kingi was grabbed off her push bike by Valmae Fay Beck and Barrie John Watts as she rode home from school. Beck and Watts gagged the innocent, terrified child. Watts then raped and bashed her. He then callously, and without remorse, cut her throat while his cowardly wife and mother of six watched on. Six days later, a fruit picker discovered Sian's mutilated body, still dressed in her Year Seven Sunshine Beach School uniform, in a creek bed. The hunt for the killers and their arrest was led by Bob Atkinson, now Queensland's police commissioner. As a result of thorough and dedicated police work by Queensland detectives, and in concert with New South Wales police, Beck and Watts were located hiding in a motel at Long Jetty on the NSW Central Coast a few weeks later. Police believe Beck and Watts are linked to the murders of Sharron Phillips, 20, in Brisbane's outer west, Stella Mary Farrugia, 19, and Louise Bell, 10, in Adelaide. In 1995, Watts was convicted of the manslaughter of 31-year-old student, Helen Mary Feeney in late 1987. Beck gave evidence against Watts, though Ms Feeney’s body has never been found. In 2008 Beck was hospitalised and underwent heart surgery, but later died in hospital. 3
Clara Henry guestStars
Henry Brandon guestStars
2009-10-18 1 Blood of the Father, Heart of Steel 4 Henchman 21 copes with life without 24. Brock and the Venture family are forced to part ways. Discover the final fate of H.E.L.P.eR. And Dean must kill Hitler.
writers ????
James Foley directors
Home Insecurity 1 To protect the Venture compound while Brock is on his yearly mountain survival sabbatical, Dr. Venture builds a panic room and a robotic bodyguard -which are soon put to the test when both the Monarch's and Baron Underbheit's henchmen choose the same night to launch attacks. While the supervillains bicker over who has dibs on Dr. Venture, Brock is busy befriending the strangest couple in the Cascadian mountains. Oh yeah, and H.E.L.P.eR. runs away in a fit of jealousy. 2004-08-21 3
Ken Ruff guestStars
Monica McKinley guestStars
director ?? ?
Nicholas Ofczarek actor
writers Julie Martin
Timothy Hutton directors
directors Bonnie Mark
Nicki Paluga writers
Sarada Kotto guestStars
2 2016-03-04 As Claire begins exploring a campaign of her own, she and Frank engage in backdoor political maneuvering. But this time they're not on the same side. Chapter 41 4
2 2002-08-11 Cop Killer Two illegal aliens flee a barbershop when a New York City cop begins asking questions. When the cop turns up dead, Wolfe must clear the two of his murder. 15
2 1961-05-29 32 Errand of Mercy
Tony Tsendeas guestStars
13 Kellerman is disappointed with his treatment in the press (or rather the lack of it). Back on the job, Mike gets his first case. There was a shopkeeper who was killed for chasing the drug dealers out of his corner. The prime suspect is Luther Mahoney. Frank tries to reconnect with Tim who is still resolved to no longer be Frank's partner. Mike is visibly on the edge, with all the pressures of the past months and his reputation tarnished, and agitated by the fact that Luther Mahoney may get away with another murder. Meldrick tries to talk him down, not anxious to lose another partner. Have a Conscience 5 1997-01-17
Nancy McCarthy guestStars
director Robert Florey
director Clark Johnson
writers John Kneubuhl
1 15 2015-08-24 Episode 15
director Julie Martin
??????? ? directors
guestStars Andrew Borba
Sophie Ash actor
director Tomoyuki Itamura
Tim Kazurinsky guestStars
Amy Aquino guestStars
Fujiko Mine's Lie, Part 2 0 Fujiko befriends a young boy whose late father hid away a treasure, but a killer is on the boy's trail. 2019-05-31 6
Danny Chun writers
guestStars John van Dreelen
Kay Reindl writers
Meeri Koutaniemi guestStars
Larry David writers
Rick Hammerly guestStars
Melissa McCarthy guestStars
Homicide: Life On The Street 1993-01-01 Based on the factual book Homicide: A Year On the Killing Streets by journalist David Simon, the series charts the lives of a team of homicide detectives in Baltimore, Maryland, both on and off the clock.  Ended
2 Poison a la Carte 2002-05-26 8 A lecherous producer is killed at a dinner prepared by Fritz. The suspects include the five waitresses, but no one knows who gave him his food.
Gourd Maker 2008-12-09 4 25 Mike Rowe cleans out a Connecticut lake and then turns gourds into artwork in Pennsylvania.
1 12 Hand Walk II ~ Banzai 90 ~ Giant Ball 2008-02-03
Derek Cecil actor
After rescuing a man and being led astray, Troy soon learns that the man has conned him into bringing his passengers to a military test site, to use their presence -- and their deaths, if necessary -- as a protest to halt nuclear bomb tests. The Forbidden Sea 1 1960-04-04 25
Crosetti's caseload is distributed among the detectives and Howard's 100% clearance rate may be in jeopardy when she gets his most difficult unsolved case; this is further complicated when Beau misplaces some new evidence. Gee meets one of Megan's friends at lunch and is convinced she isn't interested in him because he is too black. The guys close on the bar but wind up penniless when they must pay extra fees that they weren't aware of. Beau looks to Megan for comfort when he can't recover the evidence and it looks as though Beth and kids are never coming back. Nothing Personal 18 1995-04-21 3
Beau Willimon writers
Wendell Jordan guestStars
Third day of traveling and the youths seem to be having a great time, until money gets in the way. The struggle of satisfying all four members with a tight budget is not so easy and Seung Yoon is not the only one who’s stressed out about it. Over a pair of pants and over a pack of corn, the four members wrestle to keep it cool throughout a trip they only dreamed of. 2017-11-21 We're All in This Together 5 3
Mia Barron guestStars
director Henry Bromell
After promising that the chaos of her personal life was behind her, Rachel is torn when she discovers that her mother's new boyfriend is a violent domestic abuser. Janet goes on her first date, but gets cold feet at the last minute when the idea of having to sell herself to a stranger makes her heart sink. The murder of a gay man has all the markings of a hate crime, but why is his friend struggling to answer some simple questions? Damaged 2014-09-24 4 3
Lance Lewman guestStars
Kodjo Akolor guestStars
Rolfe Sedan guestStars
directors Tomoyuki Itamura
Jacob Radis guestStars
2003-11-21 0 Golf ball diver, horse breeder, roadkill collector  21 Roadkill Cleaner
1 1 P-I-PILOT 2016-09-21 Maya DiMeo moves her family to a new, upscale school district when she finds the perfect situation for her eldest son, JJ, who has cerebral palsy. While JJ and daughter Dylan are thrilled with the move, middle son Ray is frustrated by the family's tendencies to constantly move, since he feels his needs are second to JJ Soon, Maya realizes it is not the right situation for JJ and attempts to uproot the family again. But JJ connects with Kenneth, the school's groundskeeper, and asks him to step in as a his caregiver, and Ray manages to convince Maya to give the school another chance.
guestStars Kevin Brewerton
writers Doc Hammer
director China Moo-Young
1 The Wanda Beach Murders/Beaumont Children Mystery 'CI investigates into two of the most infamous unsolved mysteries in Australian criminal history are examined in The Wanda Beach Murders and The Beaumont Children Mystery.In 1965, when Australian teenage culture was centred on sun, sand, and surf, the nation was shocked by the brutal bashing, rape and murder of two 15-year-old girls in the sand hills at Sydney's Wanda Beach.A massive police hunt failed to find the killer but now, more than 40 years later, there is growing evidence that he could be a known psychotic murderer. A year later, on an Australia Day outing to a beach in Adelaide, three small children, Jane, Arnna, and Grant Beaumont, disappeared suddenly and without a trace. Were they abducted by the man seen playing with them at the beach, or were they buried in an accident, as claimed by a world-famous clairvoyant who was flown to Adelaide from Europe by the media and concerned local citizens? Are they still alive? 11 2005-08-01
directors Tomoyuki Itamura
2 2014-02-14 Tension rises between Francis and Raymond Tusk as the situation with China deteriorates. A battle in the Senate pits Francis against the Republicans. Chapter 16 3
Doc Hammer guestStars
Dakota Love guestStars
9 Larry has his jacket borrowed without permission, but he manages to end up the bad guy. Meanwhile, his investigation into what happened to Jeff's missing dog, Oscar, leads him to suspect his Korean bookie. 2005-11-27 The Korean Bookie 5
9 0 2018-12-22 'Kiss my chuddies, man, Goodness Gracious Me is 20!And to celebrate this ground-shaking, award-taking and mould-breaking show, BBC Two is looking back at some the funniest and most loved moments as we reveal the ten most memorable sketches - decided by comedy fans on a supporting BBC website. We will feature exclusive interviews with its stars and creators alongside other comedians who are fans of the series. 20 years innit!
Charles Napier actor
2 A Penny a Day 1961-04-24 27
directors Gareth Carrivick
Polly Holliday guestStars
guestStars Koji Kataoka
writers Eric Overmyer
writers Sally Wainwright
6 2005-11-06 5 'His father's smoking jacket and ''bathroom contamination'' cause grief for Larry. The Smoking Jacket
Leather Tanner Mike goes to Georgia to learn how to make artistic jugs. He then joins Richard Meyer and his sons in upstate New York to learn the ancient trade of tanning leather. 2007-07-17 11 3
directors Christine Gernon
directors Charlie Haskell
India Special One-off special of the British-Asian sketch show. Meera Syal, Sanjeev Bhaskar, Nina Wadia, Kulvinder Ghir and Dave Lamb are back together for an India-themed episode. 0 8 2015-08-25
Rob Stefaniuk guestStars
Jim Davis guestStars
directors Kyle Secor
John Rhys-Davies guestStars
guestStars Don Stark
director Peter Medak
Claire clashes with the Shepherds and Mark Usher, who pressure her to sign the Future Act. Doug makes an unexpected move. 2 Chapter 67 6 2018-11-02
Christopher Walker guestStars
directors Michael Morris
writers David Rupel
Youth Over Flowers Youth Over Flowers is a South Korean travel-reality show which premiered on tvN in 2014. 2014-08-01 Ended
director Justus Addiss
directors Alan Taylor
David St. Louis guestStars
Rudolf Jugert director
guestStars Christopher McCulloch
Larry David writers
Robert F. Simon guestStars
director Tomoyuki Itamura
Jack Gwaltney guestStars
1 43 2017-05-03 Monty thinks mums and dads can fix everything, until his tell him they won't be able to repair his broken toy helicopter. Fix it, Mum and Dad
directors Jonathan Brough
guestStars William Shatner
2 Nero has to testify in the murder trial of Leonard Ashe. Worried that his testimony will convict Ashe, Wolfe does some investigating of his own and discovers a blackmail scheme. 2002-04-21 The Next Witness 3
Jean St. James guestStars
1 6 2008-02-03 Bamboo Derby ~ Quick Muscle ~ Daruma 7
directors Shana Goldberg-Meehan
writers Scott Silveri
1960-02-29 1 Prisoner in Paradise The Tiki is commissioned to pick up two nuns and a nurse who are working on a volcanic island near Samoa. 20
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Alfred F. Woodley guestStars
Dead End The detectives continue chasing their only lead, the child molester. Munch is teamed with Stan's old partner. Beau has no feeling in his foot, but feels guilt about Kay's condition. Stan's ex-wife arrives in town, but has a hard time going to see him at the hospital. Barnfather and Granger want Russert to review Gee and see if he was negligent in his duties regarding the paperwork that led to the shooting. The pedophile is located and it is discovered he was responsible for the strangulation of a young boy, but not the shooting of the three detectives. 13 1995-02-03 3
Jeanie tells Monty that going around in circles won't help find their missing keys, but Monty isn't so sure. 1 Round and Round 2017-07-10 51
LaShada Jackson guestStars
Riku Rantala actor
Larry David writers
director Akiyuki Shinbo
guestStars Lynne Thigpen
Gary Kroeger guestStars
Larry and Jeff weigh an investment opportunity; Wanda Sykes preempts Larry’s training schedule.  8 Car Periscope 8 2011-08-28
Jay Huguley guestStars
Ron Lagomarsino directors
Sarah Chalke guestStars
directors J?rgen Goslar
Liz Cackowski guestStars
director Gareth Carrivick
actor Andre Braugher
writers Seth Kurland
director Carl Franklin
The Moorhouse Horrors / The Call Girl Killing 1 We investigate the story of David and Catherine Birnie, Australia's most sadistic husband and wife killing team who tortured, raped and murdered four women in 1986.  We also look into the murder of Call Girl Roslyn Watson which had remained unsolved for more than 15 years and would have stayed that way if it wasn't for the tenacious efforts of a bright young Western Australian Police Detective.  6 2005-08-01
directors John Crowley
Robert B. Weide director
1 How I Got My Globe 2008-11-06 6 A new teacher arrives at school who really may be one of the Beautiful People. Can this really be true? Simon and Kylie finally try to leave Reading for ultra glamorous London. In New York older Simon gets homesick.
writers Fred Freiberger
Toufuyashi writers
guestStars Lily Bleu Andrew
director Charlie Haskell
11 2015-02-27 Things turn ugly when Frank, Jackie, and Heather square off during their first debate. Tom joins Claire on the campaign trail. 3 Chapter 37
Terina Drayton guestStars
directors ????
writers Jeff Schaffer
Jackie Benoit guestStars
writers Julie Martin
directors Allen Coulter
guestStars Yvonne DeCarlo
Paul Boocock guestStars
Penelope Ann Miller guestStars
Nick Olcott guestStars
writers Jeff Schaffer
Susanna Koski guestStars
Nathaniel Siegler actor
Dan Kinsella guestStars
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
1 The violent story of Romulus and Remus, the brutal Vikings and the Valkyries, the Trojan War, exploring the influence of Homer's Iliad on Alexander the Great, and 15th Century Romania with its bloodthirsty ruler, Vlad the Impaler. War 2017-12-23 3
director Alan Taylor
director Robert Florey
director Rick Marshall
guestStars Bronson Dudley
8 Mayoi Jiangshi - Part 3 'Returning to the present, Koyomi and Shinobu find the whole city deserted and it does not take long for them to realize that it was a consequence of saving Mayoi's life in the past. Based on the date of the most recent newspaper they found, they come to the conclusion that something dire happened during the events of ''Tsubasa Cat'' and return to the shrine to look for a way to return to the past. However, they find that Oshino had put a different charm that prevents them from using its powers and when night falls they are surrounded by undead beings. After escaping, Shinobu realizes that the undead were once vampires who lost their master, and that said master must be no other than herself. According to her conclusions, when Shinobu ran away from home, it was Mayoi who helped Koyomi find her, and as she did not become a ghost in the current timeline, she had never become friends with him, thus he did not manage to find Shinobu, leading him to be killed by the Cursed Cat and Shinobu starting a worldwide vampire infection before killing herself. Looking for survivors, Koyomi and Shinobu decide to use some fireworks to bring the attention of whoever managed to escape with their lives, but it ended drawing the undead to them once more.  2013-09-01 3
2 1 Episode 1 2017-08-14
Mandy Patinkin guestStars
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Larry Charles director
Francis D. Lyon director
writers John Mankiewicz
directors Erich Neureuther
Robert B. Weide director
guestStars Karen Williams
guestStars Letha V. Walker
Brad Hall guestStars
Nicki Paluga writers
13 1 Rainy Day 2016-07-06 When the rain interrupts Monty and Jimmy Jones' backyard games, Stan brings them inside. Monty wonders whether there is a way to have fun outside, even when it's raining.
directors Gareth Carrivick
13 F-A--FASHION 4 A--ALL Maya and Melanie take their promising new fashion line to the 2019 Abilities Expo, only to walk into a room full of familiar and unfriendly faces. Ray accompanies JJ on an overnight college visit. Meanwhile, Dylan’s test scores lead her first to Mr. Powers’ office hours, then to a journey within. 2019-02-01 3
director Salim Akil
Lou Cutell guestStars
director Tomoyuki Itamura
Michelle Nolden guestStars
Ryan Todd guestStars
directors Kari Skogland
Barry Diamond guestStars
writers Yukito Kizawa
Beau Willimon writers
Tim Bell guestStars
1999-11-18 'For Christmas, Gary recieves a phone line for his bedroom with the proviso that he doesn't ''''abuse the privilege.''''  Naturally, Gary immediately begins making prank calls, but he soon finds the tables turned when one of the people he called begins stalking him via telephone.  Gary pays the caller a visit and discovers Mrs. Emma Needham, an old lady who soon proves that she's not as nice she initially appeared... 11 It's for You 3
network Crime & Investigation Network (AU)
director Jonathan Brough
David de Lautour guestStars
Clark Johnson actor
writers Eric Overmyer
Fritz Feld guestStars
director Gareth Carrivick
1 0 Volume 1 'Volume 1: The Backpacker Murders - Ivan Milat (75mins approx) (M)The Kimberley Killer - Joseph Schwab (45 mins) (M)
director James Neilson
7 Chapter 33 2015-02-27 The damage is done and the Underwoods must repair it. But deep wounds don't heal fast, and sometimes not at all. 3
Elizabeth Sodaro guestStars
David Schurmann guestStars
Steve Cumyn guestStars
guestStars Lelia Hoffman
director Tom Fontana
directors Jonathan Brough
Francis D. Lyon directors
Stephen Angus guestStars
writers Peter Sauder
director Cary Fukunaga
1 2014-08-29 5 Peru - Part 5
writers Eugene Lee
Doc Hammer guestStars
directors Peter Medak
Larry David writers
Michael Jaffe director
writers Doc Hammer
John Opladen guestStars
Jonathan Orcutt guestStars
director Alex Graves
Phil de Carlo guestStars
1965-08-31 5 3
1 On their way to Manchuria, Won Bong discovers someone tailing them. And without learning of the man's identity, he eliminates him. Back in Gyeongseong, Matsurra finds incriminating photographs of Oda and warns him to tread lightly. Meanwhile, Hiroshi meets with the director of the hospital for dinner with a very personal drink. 8 2019-05-11 The Train
Suthonmanee Bhavabhutanonda guestStars
Shaquille O'Neal guestStars
Tahir Moore guestStars
director Agnieszka Holland
director Tristam Shapeero
Carla Jeffery guestStars
2013-07-21 Tsubasa Tiger - Part 3 Following her question, Hitagi points out to Tsubasa that despite being similar at willing to help others, she and Koyomi are too different in everything else, including how Tsubasa is too innocent to realize if someone could approach her with malice. On the same day, Tsubasa meets Suruga at the school and learns from her that Koyomi had sent a message to her, and from the message she deduces that he wants to meet her later that night at the abandoned cram school. Upon returning to Hitagi's house, where she meets her father, Tsubasa relays to her what she learned from Suruga, and both agree to not meddle in Koyomi's affairs this time. They are later visited by Karen and Tsukihi who offer their house for Tsubasa to take shelter. Tsubasa accepts their offer, just to later learn that she must sleep on Koyomi's room. In the middle of the night, Tsubasa is possessed again and Shinobu appears before her, claiming that her connection with Koyomi was severed and she is looking for him. The possessed Tsubasa not only reveals about Koyomi's meeting with Suruga, but also offers herself to help her get there faster, but just as the two arrive at the cram school, they find the whole place burned to the ground.  3 3
Larry David writers
guestStars Gary Basaraba
Kay Riehl guestStars
Larry E. Hull guestStars
guestStars Dominic Zamprogna
Scott Weintraub guestStars
Kyf Brewer guestStars
director Na Young Seok
director Felix Feist
Adina Vetter actor
director Nick Wood
directors Michael Weaver
Juarez Roberts writers
writers Danny Chun
Mike D'Angelo actor
2 6 1998-12-18 Episode 6
Amelia Bullmore writers
Ted Ludzik guestStars
Beau Willimon writers
Stacey Grenrock-Woods guestStars
2013-09-11 0 Grass 10
1999-10-14 6 Derek and Rob, trying to steal from Rodman's Department Store, get locked in the store overnight as the mannequins come to life. Trouble in Store 3
writers Danny Chun
2 1 2014-09-03 About Activism: The Yes Men Fix the World
directors Ed Bye
Bret Loehr guestStars
2017-05-30 7 When a crisis forces White House personnel to take shelter in a bunker, Commerce Department official Jane Davis negotiates through back channels. 5 Chapter 59
Zach Galifianakis sits down with Bradley Cooper, Jessica Chastain, Sally Field and another special guest from Lincoln. 1 2013-02-12 17 Oscar Buzz Edition Part 2
Steve Baylor guestStars
David Opatoshu guestStars
Braunschlag To save his town Braunschlag from bankruptcy, the mayor decides to fake a Marian apparition. This black-humored farce revolves around greed, corruption, churchianity and alcohol. 2012-09-01 Ended
Phoebe Neidhardt guestStars
directors John Crowley
Keith Huff writers
writers Henry Bromell
guestStars Jaidan Jiron
1 2017-07-07 Monty's friend has heaps of fun toys, and he and Jimmy Jones imagine what it would be like to have everything you want. Wish List 50
writers William Rabkin
2 The detail works a pawn-shop lead to close in on a suspect in the Caspere case. Frank revisits his past to pay for his present. Velcoro, Bezzerides and Woodrugh struggle to keep the case straight in the face of corruption.  Down Will Come 4 2015-07-12
Robert Bockstael guestStars
A sweeping introduction to English-language poetry. Featured performers: Peggy Ashcroft, Cyril Cusack, Nicholas Gecks, Julian Glover, Lee Remick, Ian Richardson, Gary Watson. 1 1 Chaucer-Ted Hughes, 1384-1984 1984-05-02
director Larry Charles
2 Mike Rowe gets dirty in St. Louis as he works with a river barge demolition team and then melts down the scrap steel into molten metal. Steel Mill Worker 2008-01-15 4
Batman: The Animated Series 1992-09-05 Batman The Animated Series was a cartoon that premiered on September 5, 1992, based on the comic series created by Bob Kane, as well as the Burton movie adaptations. The series focused on the adventures of the alter ego of millionaire Bruce Wayne, Batman, a dark vigilante hero who defends Gotham City from a variety of creative and psychotic villains. The highly successful series merged stylish animation and fantastic storytelling more in the style of radio plays than typical cartoons. Ended
writers Stephen Tolkin
Sean Penn guestStars
guestStars Jeffrey Mandon
director Holly Dale
Anne Meara guestStars
guestStars Matt North
1 9 2016-12-13
1 1 Peru - Part 1 2014-08-01
13 2010-10-10 Bright Lights, Dean City Dean ends up interning with Professor Impossible, and discovers that his new employer is a member of the Revenge Society. 4
Gretchen Egolf guestStars
2 Game Over 1 1994-09-10 Two boys pay for skipping school to play video games when the characters come to life.
Clark Johnson directors
guestStars Brigid Cleary
guestStars Felicia Shakman
Nakama ~ Super Rider III 1 2008-02-03 51
1 Shanghai 2019-05-11 To get to Yoo Tae Joon, Oda sends Fukuda to Shanghai on intel that Kim Seung Jin, a spy working for Yoo Tae Joon, will be heading there.  With the Japanese Consulate to support him, Fukuda puts a tail on a man who could be Kim Seung Jin. Meanwhile, in Shanghai, Kim Won Bong gets his chance to meet Du Wol Seong, the boss of Cheongbang, to ask for a favor. 5
Jonathan Slavin guestStars
Marlene Willis guestStars
Larry Charles directors
James Tolkan guestStars
directors Whitney Ransick
Kay Tremblay guestStars
directors Justus Addiss
2 Larry and Richard Lewis, who both see the same psychotherapist, plot ways of ending their respective relationships with the therapist after Larry sees the man wearing a thong bathing suit. 2001-10-21 The Thong 5
Tony Robinette guestStars
0 Special Guest: Markku Kuisma 2013-10-23 27
actor Guy Stockwell
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Tia Carrere guestStars
Michelle Maika guestStars
directors Felix Feist
Mia Barron guestStars
2009-04-28 0 4 F4 After Story 2
director Garth Maxwell
Susanna Koski guestStars
directors Jun Ki Sang
Gena Rowlands guestStars
2007-02-28 Valley of the Wolves: Ambush Ended
Zach Anner writers
Oh Yeon-ah guestStars
director Peter Weller
Elizabeth Rider actor
directors Claire Scanlon
Michael Sinterniklaas guestStars
Iris Bahr guestStars
1998-11-13 2 1 Episode 1 'Sketches:Asians world,Tandoori Cooking,The Love Dance - Club,Check Please - Asain Woman,Bollywood Star - Sir Jankie,Check Please - Holding Hands,Mrs 'I Can Make It At Home' - Paris,The Love Dance - Ball,Swingers and Asians,Muslim Harassment,Guru -  Female Auras,The Love Dance - Gentlemen's Club,My Son - Fertility,Check Please - Moustache,New Zealand from Cousin,Smita Smitten - Birthday Bash,Check Please - Ass,Come On Binder, Let's Go Bhangra - Punjabi Girl,Guru -  Scrabble.
1 19 2016-12-23
2013-09-11 9 0 Special Guest: Mikko Salasuo
director Robert Weide
Lou DiMaggio guestStars
guestStars Regi Davis
actor Tony Hale
Carlos Lacamara guestStars
Chapter 54 2 Frank and his team work to leverage support in key states by any means necessary. Claire learns some upsetting news about one of Frank's friends. 2017-05-30 5
Mary B. Ward guestStars
Albert Salmi guestStars
guestStars Kalle Wahlstr?m-Zackari
Donna Sacco guestStars
writers Bonnie Mark
2 Vehicular Fellatio 7 Against the will of a renowned doctor, Larry tries his best to irritate Loretta. Once again, Larry causes issues in Richard Lewis' new relationship, and, after being unintentionally tipped off by Leon, takes advantage of the wife of a depressed friend. 2009-09-27
writers Doc Hammer
Rachel Jane Sacrey guestStars
Peter Shinkoda guestStars
directors Bill Purple
Larry David writers
2 2012-01-21 Karen Bee - Part 3 Araragi finishes up cleaning at Kanbaru’s house, and proceeds to head home on his bike. Right outside of Kanbaru’s he sees a strange, ill-omened man, named Kaiki Deishuu who he instantly relates to having a similar aura to Oshino. When he meets Senjougahara on the way home and mentions Kaiki, she chains him up and tells him that Kaiki was one of the conmen that took away her family’s money. When Araragi gets a text from his sister asking for help, he easily breaks free of his chains and Senjougahara lets him go after talking to Hanekawa. 3
Roope Mokka guestStars
Sharon Elizabeth Doyle writers
Susanna Kuparinen guestStars
6 2016-12-10 1
Jeanne Chinn guestStars
writers Sally Wainwright
guestStars Anton Yelchin
1 Fare Tonight 10 1993-11-13 Two paranormal enthusiasts create a homemade vampire detector and use it to hunt for bloodsuckers only to learn that one of them is right under their nose.
2 Episode 5 2017-08-21 5
Harant Alianak guestStars
James Tolkan guestStars
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
1 Fun with Clouds 63 2017-10-18 The Kazoops are frustrated by grey clouds ruining their plans, so Monty sets out to show them that clouds are great.
director Gwen Arner
director Roy Delruth
9 1 Sneaky Tiki Taboo
2 4 1964-10-22
Larry David writers
Larry David writers
Scott Wesley Morgan guestStars
Nakama ~ Banzai 90 1 2008-02-03 48
director James Yoshimura
Trent McMullen guestStars
directors Jonathan Brough
Shari Elliker guestStars
writers David Mills
directors Daniel Kontur
The Group 1 10 'Larry runs into his old girlfriend, and she asks him to escort her to an incest-survivors meeting. Cheryl is asked to co-star in ''The Vagina Monologues'' when one of the actresses is sick. 2000-12-17
James Holden actor
Kim So-eun actor
Nick Nervies guestStars
2 1 The Killing Fields of Truro 'For the 2008 launch of Crime Investigation Australia CI presents the complete and compelling story of ''The Killing Fields of Truro'', one of the most infamous crimes in Australia and yet another set in Adelaide.  Seven young women disappeared in the 51 days between December 23, 1976 and February 12, 1977. James William Miller confessed that during this time he helped the man he loved, Christopher Robin Worrell, dispose of the bodies of the young women who Worrell had sexually assaulted and then murdered while Miller was waiting nearby. The skeletal remains of four of the victims were discovered in bush graves over a 12 month period in 1978-79 in the Truro district, 80 kilometres north-east of Adelaide. 2008-03-20
guestStars Anne Hathaway
Emma Knyckare guestStars
Yang Ho Shik ambushes Eun Soo while Jin Hyuk and Dae Shik are led astray. Things become even more personal when Dong Woo is put in danger. 1 10 The Whisper of the Devil (2) 2017-02-19
Ballard and Gharty investigate the deaths of two single women who were bought drinks by a married couple. The victims were stunned and then strangled. The other detectives receive detailed information that helps them close the open Mahoney drug shootings. Their helpful informant turns out to be Lewis, who has a hearing coming up Ballard and Gharty get their suspect in the box and he claims to be the one to stun the victims, but his wife actually did the strangulation. Ballard is skeptical about the woman's involvement, but the evidence points to the couple. 19 6 Strangled, Not Stirred 1998-04-10
1 Lupin investigates a group of owl people who desire Fujiko and begins to learn more about Fujiko's past whilst fighting off illusions brought on by a strange drug.  10 Dead City 2012-06-06
writers John Kneubuhl
Dieter Fischer actor
Claire clashes with the Secretary of State over her involvement in negotiations with Russia. Dunbar must choose between her campaign and her ethics. Chapter 45 2016-03-04 6 4
1 Episode 1 2019-03-01 3
La Kisha Davis guestStars
Eric Londa guestStars
Irene Ziegler guestStars
Antoinette Spolar guestStars
directors Ed Bye
writers John Mankiewicz
Fay Spain guestStars
guestStars Bruce Elliott
writers Julie Martin
Timothy Hutton directors
Alexandra Wilson guestStars
director Kenneth Fink
director Felix Feist
Tony Todd guestStars
guestStars Karen Tsen Lee
21 Mike helps break down some homes at the Windsorland Mobile Home Park to make room for a new shopping center. Next, he heads to Patina-V where he learns the art involved in creating a mannequin.  2008-11-11 4 Mannequin Factory
directors Andrew Merrifield
2 1961-03-27 23 The Wonderful Nightingale
Benjamin Bratt guestStars
Ed Steidele guestStars
More drug-related homicides are occurring. Pembleton is still relegated to desk duty and now so is Kellerman. A federal grand jury investigation is being conducted that goes back to the time when Mike was in the arson unit. Frank is still not taking his medicine and getting ready for the range test. Brodie moves out of Munch's place and into Bayliss'. Lewis finds out that the witness to his drug homicide has been brought downtown. He goes after him and meets Stivers, a female detective in narcotics. Lewis's witness points toward Luther Mahoney as the initiator of the contract. They go to find the executor, who's been executed. Stivers pages Mahoney and he comes in for questioning, but they can't make a case that Danvers thinks will stick. Frank misses a passing grade on his test by four points. Bad Medicine 5 1996-10-25 4
Amy Grabow guestStars
Eddie Daniels guestStars
writers Herbert Reinecker
guestStars Ted Ludzik
Virpi Suutari guestStars
Marin Hinkle guestStars
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
2 11 N-E-- NEW Y-- YEAR'S E-- EVE 2018-01-03 Jimmy convinces Maya to go on a much-needed night out together where they drink through Maya's urge to rush home to the kids. Back at the house, Ray and Kenneth avoid being alone with their dates, while JJ, sidelined by a broken wheelchair, ends up getting more excitement than he expected. Meanwhile, Dylan spends her night trying to win the affection of the new family dog.
Patrick Kerr guestStars
Ron Goldstein writers
Robert Bockstael guestStars
writers Niki Schwartz-Wright
writers Scott Silveri
Sutton Rolley directors
actor Chae Soo-bin
director Nic Pizzolatto
Lisa Matthews guestStars
John C. Hansen guestStars
Laura Shepherd directors
1 8 ?sp??n? kupec Franti?ek se nakonec vr?t? dom? a v?nuje se ?sp??n? obchodu. Tak? vede kosteln? sbor. Terezka, kter? zp?v? s?lo, se ho na sebe sna?? upozornit tak, ?e zp?v? fale?n?. M?sto o?ek?van? lekce nav?c ale Franti?ek s?lo sv??? M?rince Sn??kov?. Franti?k?v otec um?r? a syn po n?m p?eb?r? kr?m. Proto?e se mu vede dob?e, nab?d? ho maminka, aby odjel do Prahy za p??teli a tak? si koupit klav?r. Setk? se s Butteauov?mi a s Paulou. Ta si Franti?kovi post??uje, ?e jej? man?el se st?le v?nuje vlasteneck? pr?ci, na ni nem? ?as a tak? ?e tato pr?ce je finan?n? nezabezpe??. Kdy? se pan? Butteauov? od Franti?ka dozv?, ?e nem? nev?stu, sna?? se mu dohodit Betty, Paulinu mlad?? sestru.
director Bryan Gordon
Robert B. Weide directors
Marin Hinkle guestStars
2 2009-11-21 Broken Cara’s fate is in Kahlan’s hands when the Mord’Sith is put on trial for horrific crimes she committed in the past. 3
Anya Adams director
David Simon writers
2 Monkey Caretaker Mike Rowe meets his match when he travels to South Africa to take care of monkeys that are being trained to go back into the wild 2006-08-29 16
director Gareth Carrivick
Stephen Bishop actor
guestStars Beau Starr
directors Garth Maxwell
1 2001-07-08 11 Over My Dead Body (1) Archie Goodwin is surprised to discover Nero Wolfe has a daughter, who becomes entangled in a murder at a fencing studio. But is she really is daughter?
writers Julie Martin
2012-05-16 1 Fujiko and Goemon become involved in a case that could very well lead to World War III.  7 Music and Revolution
Frank John Hughes guestStars
Chapter 42 Claire joins Frank as he stumps in South Carolina, but he doesn't trust her. A disastrous scandal blindsides Frank's campaign on primary day. 2016-03-04 4 3
1995-01-06 9 Pembleton and Bayliss investigate the shooting of a young boy. During the investigation, the mother of the victim meets the mother of the shooter in the aquarium. The shooter shows no remorse for the killing, although he shot the wrong kid. Munch, Bayliss and Lewis can't remodel the bar when they discover it's been classified a historical landmark. Then when they find out back taxes are due on the building, which shuts them down before they open. Beau finds out his kids are in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania, so he goes to find them. Every Mother's Son 3
Tom Booker guestStars
Gene Mack guestStars
Alvin Lum guestStars
Alyshia Ochse guestStars
Dave Trovato guestStars
director Tom Shankland
Will Pinson Rose guestStars
Damian Briscoe guestStars
guestStars Jarboe
0 0
Akiyuki Shimbou writers
2 1 All Work and No Play 2014-12-06 The murder of Robert Breininger, who was shot dead by his 10-year-old son in what appeared to be a tragic accident. However, it later transpired the youngster had been manipulated into the act by Judith Hawkey, his stepmother, to secure a $500,000 life insurance settlement. A decade after the 2003 incident, Hawker was found guilty of aggravated murder, insurance fraud and child-endangering
Philip Voss actor
Larry David writers
guestStars Marika Carlsson
Nic Pizzolato guestStars
0 Original Pilot 3
2 1 Kid for Ransom - Tears for Daniel 2005-08-01 CI examines two notorious abduction cases. The first case is the Graeme Thorne ransom kidnapping at Bondi in 1960. Thorne, aged eight was the son of winners of the Sydney Opera House Lottery. The second case is the recent Daniel Morecombe Queensland case that still remains unsolved. Crime Investigation Australia has secured exclusive interviews that shed new light on both of these infamous cases that stunned the nation.
68 1 2017-10-25 Pretend Piggy Monty is pretending to be a pig, but when his family tell him that people can't behave like animals, he begins to wonder why.
writers Tom Fontana
directors Ken Whittingham
Lee Goldberg writers
Wake 1 1 Freddie and Stuart are hosting a wake to mark the passing of an old friend. As they are joined by their small circle of elderly chums, the couple manage to create a toe-curlingly awkward evening with very little food but plenty of bitchy insults. Their new young upstairs neighbour Ash - whose sexuality becomes a point of great debate - spends the evening attempting to be the perfect guest, while fending off the advances of Freddie and Stuart's best friend Violet. 2013-04-29
writers Ron McCants
2 18 N-O– NOMINEE 2018-03-21 JJ travels to a film festival where he’s been nominated for an award but is upset when he learns the real reason he’s being honored. Jimmy stays home and struggles to protect Dylan from the truth about an impending eviction. And Ray takes an unlikely and painful route to basketball stardom in hopes of winning back Taylor,
Justin Bieber guestStars
Bob Einstein guestStars
2 18 Act of Piracy 1961-02-13
Bob Einstein actor
'A trash-talking radio talk-show host makes a proposal to his listening audience. Lewis announces to Kellerman that he is getting married today, then he throws up. He motivates the rest of the squad to help him with the final details as he is getting married ''''tonight after the shift ends.'''' Kay brings her sister with her to the station. Since the whole squad is busy with Lewis' wedding, Gee takes Howard out to work the homicide of the radio talk-show host. One of his listeners took him up on his proposal. Munch is skeptical about the Lewis wedding; he thinks it's an elaborate practical joke. Bayliss and Kellerman vie for the attention of Kay's sister. Gee shoots and kills a potential suspect, but the suspect was in jail at the time of the talk show host's murder. The guy who fingered him admits that he did it as a joke. The wedding is no hoax. During the festivities Pembleton's wife goes into labor. 21 The Wedding 4 1996-05-10
1 8 About Sex with Anna Kontula 2013-10-16
Al Freeman Jr. guestStars
Betsy Von Furstenburg guestStars
Gene Levitt writers
2008-06-15 The Invisible Hand of Fate Billy Quizboy recovers the memories of his former life as a failed TV Quizboy, the loss of his hand and eye in a dogfight, his recruitment into the OSI, and his first mission as a spy. 3 3
director Bill Purple
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
guestStars Charlize Theron
1 Virtual Vegas When Dr. SkitzoPlex creates a remote that can control any machine, The Agents are obviously called in to find both him and the remote. Agent #1 finds love, while Agent #2 takes a spin on a hoboken toilet. 3
writers Jeff Schaffer
director Akiyuki Shimbou
directors Henry Bromell
Timothy Scanlin guestStars
Richard Branson 1 2012-05-17 14
Munemasa Nakamoto writers
guestStars Per Andersson
1 Culzean Castle, Scotland 3
Eri Kitamura actor
Kathrin Bachert actor
Hunter guestStars
Michael Gabel guestStars
William Froug writers
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
2 11 2006-07-18 'Mike first heads off to California to help tear down a dam so trout on the endangered species list can spawn. Mike then goes to Pennsylvania to restore a church's pipe organ, a process that takes a total of eight years to complete. Finally, Mike goes to Puget Sound in Washington to harvest geoduck clams, otherwise known as ''gooey ducks''. Geoduck Farmer
directors Gene Oswald
Derrick Simmons guestStars
writers Doc Hammer
guestStars Sarah Burns
Tim Carr guestStars
Cecil Kellaway guestStars
writers Laura Eason
2001-05-20 Archie is arrested for impersonating a police officer while investigating the death of a woman who had stayed briefly at Wolfe's brownstone. Nero comes to the aid of his headstrong assistant, and they eventually expose a scheme to steal a fortune that someone feels is worth killing for. 1 Prisoner's Base (2) 6
director Lee Bonner
Geoff Wilner guestStars
Mark Beesley director
director Mike Crunyescha
1959-12-21 1 The Haunted 11 Wealthy Vanessa Sutton Charles is plagued by mysterious apparitions of her dead husband. Strangely, the visitations occur on nights when Tahitians believe the dead come from the sea to haunt the living.
director Timothy Hutton
'A young man comes into the squad room and after getting their attention, tells the detectives that his brother has been shot. Pembleton is sued by the multiple personality serial killer, who states he violated her civil rights during interrogation; he is discouraged when the city agrees to settle out of court. Munch must attend an alcohol awareness seminar to meet a requirement for the bar. Lewis has ''''love at first sight'''' with a woman who makes models of crime scenes, but she has ''''love at first sight'''' when she sees Bayliss and he sees her. Later, they attend an art exhibition and have an unusual sexual encounter in her ''''bed.'''' All is not well at the Felton household, when he returns home to a cleaned out house. 1994-11-11 A Model Citizen 4 3
writers Kenneth Lin
guestStars Bobbi Sue Luther
writers Seth Kurland
Cleve Wall guestStars
writers Stephen Tolkin
1 2008-02-03 40 Sponge Bridge II ~ Kangaroo
Rose Crisman guestStars
writers Sally Wainwright
Jay Leno guestStars
9 2017-03-14 Getting Serious Justin cooks up a plan to get Mary Jane in the anchor chair while she and Lee decide whether or not they should have a baby together. 4
Steve Sheridan guestStars
Thomas Mitchell guestStars
Tom Vollette guestStars
Jack Dylan Grazer guestStars
writers Melissa James Gibson
Bianca Kronl?f guestStars
Owen Harn guestStars
John Bernecker guestStars
writers Yukito Kizawa
Koyomi takes Suruga to see Oshino in order to help her. However, the help he offers isn't the help Koyomi wanted... 1 8 2009-08-28 Suruga Monkey - Part 3
1 Clubbing 4 2013-05-20 Ash invites Freddie, Stuart, Penelope and Mason to go clubbing, which Freddie and Stuart turn into a popularity contest. Meanwhile, Violet arranges to go and visit her latest online suitor... even though he lives in Argentina.
Larry David writers
Bell Maker 2 2006-12-12 19 'Mike Rowe rolls up his sleeve and gets dirty making giant bells at the McShane Bell Foundry. Mike also gets down and dirty with the US Army Corps of Engineers as they conduct yearly maintenance on a hurricane barrier that was raised from the oceans floor.
Zach Galifianakis actor
writers Stefan Gommermann
If the Shoe Fits... 2015-11-24 7 Mary Jane's birthday takes a backseat to family drama. 3
directors Christine Gernon
Robin Karfo guestStars
Arrested Development Level-headed son Michael Bluth takes over family affairs after his father is imprisoned. But the rest of his spoiled, dysfunctional family are making his job unbearable. 2003-11-02 Ended
2013-09-11 1 About Drugs and Hemp with Mikko Salasuo 3
Joel Schumacher director
Akiyuki Shimbou directors
1 21 2008-02-03 Hand Walk II ~ Muscle Gym ~ Ottoto 9
director Michael Fields
director Bernard Girard
Kurt L. Schmoke guestStars
Elva Mai Hoover guestStars
Nancy Gates guestStars
director Wolfgang Becker
Nicholas Day actor
J.D. Evermore guestStars
guestStars Moyna MacGill
2 0 LIVE on the Road '99 1999-07-24
writers David Mills
Monsters 1 2016-06-28 7 Jimmy Jones is scared of monsters under the bed and Monty wonders how they can be scary.
writers Darryl LeMont Wharton
2 1 Student Po pr?zdnin?ch se Franti?ek vrac? do Prahy. Sezn?m? se i s m?stn? knihovnou, zvl??t? ho zaj?maj? zak?zan? knihy. Roku 1781 je vyd?n toleran?n? patent, ?alman se nech? zapsat na matrice jako evangel?k. C?sa? Josef II. ale rozhodne i o dal??ch zm?n?ch: maj? b?t ru?eny kl??tery, co? pro Franti?ka znamen? konec studi?. Franti?ek se ale v kl??te?e s c?sa?em dokonce setk? a dostane od n?j stipendium. Majetek kl??tera je rozprod?v?n. Mni?i se sna?? n?jak? knihy zachr?nit a Franti?ek je pro n? vyn??? tajnou cestou ven, s?m si tak? n?jak? m??e vz?t. Pro ?almana vezme Bibli kralickou, spor mezi sousedy se tak urovn?.
Nicki Paluga writers
directors Chris Martin-Jones
Steve Buscemi directors
Scott Johnson directors
A look at the rebuilding of the Seinfeld sets for use in Curb. 0 33 Rebuilding the Seinfeld Sets 2010-06-10
guestStars Ami Brabson
guestStars Zane Lasky
E. Dawn Samuel guestStars
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
1 Lies That Seem Like The Truth 15 2016-10-10
0 Koyomi Araragi and Shinobu Oshino discuss the true nature of Shikigami doll Yotsugi Ononoki, and Koyomi is being rudely woken up by his sisters who tell him to cram for his upcoming college entrance exams. Yotsugi Doll - Part 1 15 2014-12-31
1 1959-11-16 6 Safari at Sea
2015-10-04 1 During the month of October of his third year in high school, Koyomi Araragi is introduced to a transfer student named Ougi Oshino, who tells him she has something to consult with him. This reveals a tale that brings to light “what” makes Koyomi Araragi. 4 Ougi Formula - Parts 1 & 2
director Nick Wood
directors Daniel Minahan
Kendra Wilkinson guestStars
Penny Bunton guestStars
2 2018-09-02 8 I Got Flowers Today The serial killer strikes again. This time, the annoying next-door neighbor had gone a little too far and paid the price with her life. At the call center, Kang Kwon Joo meets with Na Hong Soo to probe into the murder case Kang Woo was a suspect in and finds out he’s taking Tegretol—a prescription drug for seizures, manic-depressive disorder, schizophrenia, etc.¬—and sometimes forgets what he does. Meanwhile, Park Eun Soo ex-boyfriend visits her at headquarters uninvited that leads to a code zero.
Brooke Williams guestStars
13 1 2013-02-01 Chapter 13 Frank scrambles to keep his plan on track. Gillian is planning to sue Claire. Zoe, Janine, and Lucas investigate Rachel Posner and her relationship with Peter Russo.
Larry David writers
1 Maya gets help with Jimmy's Valentine's Day gift; Ray is excited about the prospect of having a secret admirer; J.J. distributes candy-grams. V-A-L-- VALENTINE'S D-A-- DAY 14 2017-02-08
writers Tom Fontana
director James B. Clark
director Na Young Seok
writers Mike Sussman
2 0
Jeromy Ramos guestStars
Akiyuki Shimbou directors
2 1999-09-16 'To relieve boredom while awaiting the grande opening of Laserland, teens Leo and Jamie decide to play ''''welcome wagon'''' by taunting the new neighbor, 9-year-old Mary Anne.  But Mary Anne's new, ghostly ''''imaginary friend'''' turns the table on the bullies, escalating when Leo snatches the girl's beloved kitten, Boo. Imaginary Friend 3
Girl Model 0 2013-12-18 48
writers Fred Freiberger
Mary Ellen Nestor guestStars
Na Young Seok directors
David Steinberg directors
guestStars Geoffrey Horne
Kevin Dunn guestStars
2 Mayoi takes Koyomi to meet Teori, who offers him a way to return to the world of the living. Koyomi is in doubt about accepting his offer, as he believes others like Mayoi are more worthy of reviving than him, until he comes with a surprising decision. Mayoi Hell - Part 2 2017-08-12 5
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Stephen Xavier Lee guestStars
Robert B. Weide director
2000-01-21 Episode 404 4 4
director Tomoyuki Itamura
directors Tomoyuki Itamura
2007-11-27 18 Spray Insulation Technician Mike Rowe gets dirty with a team of airport runway painters, examines dirty diapers for bad smells and then teams up with a group of spray insulation technicians that get dirty to keep our houses warm. 3
Unable to get over being second choice for the sergeant's job, Rachel punishes Janet for not telling her. After Elise moves in with Ade, Janet feels inadequate as a mother although she has not given up on the idea of a boyfriend entirely. When an unconscious baby is admitted to hospital, staff are concerned that his injuries do not match his parents' explanation. But with a child-minder and her stoned boyfriend in the mix, it is unclear who had the baby's best interests at heart. 2014-10-08 5 Neglect 4
1 Sponge Bridge ~ Bamboo Derby 2008-02-03 16
guestStars Jon Seda
Rachael Harris guestStars
Ruben S. Brown guestStars
director Charles Barton
Sedona James guestStars
1 2017-04-26 Do Elephants Forget? 38 After he forgets to do his chores and empty his lunchbox, Monty wonders if it's possible for someone to remember everything.
Amber Carollo guestStars
director Tom Fontana
guestStars Paul Comi
director Mitchell Leisen
'Special Edition where the Goodness Gracious Me team visit India to take an irreverant look at modern Indian society. Sketches Include:Coopers at the airportCoopers arrive in IndiaUntouchable - tableEast Eats West - sea bassCoopers - taxiDelhi Reporter - beggarsUntouchable - car bootChristianity ConversionEast Eats West - sconesCoopers - britisherDelhi Reporter - not mark tullyGuru - profileAsbestos SariUntouchable - remote controlEast Eats West - wineCoopers - curryBlame It On The Muslims/Hindus (song)Coopers - toiletMr 'Everything Comes from India' - electrics3-Legged Chicken jokeDelhi Reporter - red fortSmeeta Smitten - neetu nittyCoopers - erectionIndia's Craaaziest Drivers - scooterSquirty Flower joke, Chunky Lafunga - hero, India's Craaaziest Drivers - hornCoopers - handbagMr 'Everything Comes from India' - indiansIndia's Craaaziest Drivers - cowsCoopers - indian traditionFawlty TurretsDelhi Reporter - wellKnock-Knock jokeCoopers - white englishTaxi WashDo I Fit In? (song)Mr 'Everything Comes from India' 0 2001-02-19 Back Where They Came From 3
David Attenborough actor
director Tom Fontana
Keith David guestStars
Josef Leytes directors
Kyle Gass guestStars
director Banksy
1 In Braunschlag geht es turbulent weiter. Dr. Feist wurde nach dem ?berfall, bei dem er angeschossen wurde, ein Bein abgenommen. Und nachdem der alte Matussek von Bauxi zerfleischt worden war, droht die Stimmung in Braunschlag endg?ltig zu kippen. Gerri ?bergibt das B?rgermeisteramt an den nun in Braunschlag sesshaft gewordenen Banyardi. Dessen Liebe, Silke, k?ndigt pl?tzlich ihren Job am Bauernhof von Gerris Mutter und geht ohne Abschied. Katzlbrunner, der Sekret?r des Landeshauptmannes, wird von Richard in seiner Disco bewusstlos geschlagen, weil er Gerri provoziert hat. 2012-10-23 6 Der neue B?rgermeister
directors Geeta V. Patel
James Foley directors
writers Kenneth Lin
Holly Wortell guestStars
David Attenborough writers
guestStars Nico Minardos
directors Matt Reeves
director James Foley
directors Osamu Nabeshima
Parisa Amiri guestStars
guestStars Peter Whitney
2 Kiss Tomorrow Goodbye Hays looks back at the aftermath of the 1980 Purcell case in West Finger, AR, including possible evidence left behind at the Devil's Den, an outdoor hangout for local kids. As attention focuses on two conspicuous suspects--Brett Woodard, a solitary vet and trash collector, and Ted LaGrange, an ex-con with a penchant for children--the parents of the missing kids, Tom and Lucy Purcell, receive a cryptic note from an anonymous source. 2019-01-13 3
writers Jonathan Harvey
Beau Willimon writers
Beau James guestStars
guestStars Rich Fulcher
Kaarina Hazard guestStars
1 Club Gyeongseong 39 2019-07-13 'Oblivious to what Wong Bong has planned, high-ranking Japanese officials and Joseon aristocrats attend a party held at Club Gyeongseong, including Matsuura, who is the only one with a hunch of something big to happen. Won Bong asks Young Jin to leave Gyeongseong first and to not show up at the club. Meanwhile, Won Bong and Se Joo arm themselves with the help of Maru.
director Jackson Publick
Kwon Yool actor
1 8 2013-02-01 Frank has a library named after him at his old military school. Peter tries to win back the support of his hometown. Chapter 8
Gilbert Gottfried guestStars
writers Jonathan Harvey
Tom Cherones directors
1998-01-26 1 Episode 3 'Sketches:Coopers at Wimbledon,Smita Smitten - No tickets,Kid's Turn,Check Please - Rose,Buddhist Pest Control,70's Quickie,Guru Doorstepper - Double glazing,The Accountant,Conservative Coopers,Masterchef,Buddhist Pharmacologist,When the Kids are Away (song),Check Please - No effort,Euromuffins,British Asian Man's Quarterly,Check Please - Vomit,Authentic Products,Buddhist Hitman. 3
1 15 2016-12-19
1 Northern Europe  2011-02-06 'The final stage of Bruce Parry's six-month journey is through Arctic Europe. He travels to a remote Russian village, deep within the vast Boreal forest that stretches for thousands of miles across the top of the world. Life here has changed little for hundreds of years, and people still depend on the food they gather from the woods that surround them.Bruce then travels north into Norway, where he lives with the Saami, reindeer herders who use snow machines, boats and even helicopters to move their animals.Bruce's last stop is a remote scientific community in the Svalbard archipelago, where he learns about the fragility of Arctic ecosystem. As the long winter night draws in, Bruce is treated to an iconic Arctic spectacle as the aurora borealis light up the night sky. 5
director Stephen Gyllenhaal
2013-09-18 0 11 Presenting document Microcosmos
1 8
2 12 Uncle Harry's Horrible House of Horrors During a trip to the carnival, a boy's birthday is being spoiled by his skeptical uncle, but the latter of whom soon has his views of the supernatural challenged when they take a ride through a frighteningly realistic haunted house. 1994-11-12
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
writers Sharat Sardana
guestStars Steve Burns
director Tom Fontana
director Wolfgang Becker
Joanna P. Adler guestStars
John Epps guestStars
Mark Beesley directors
Feeling Tested After learning she has a say in who replaces Garrett, Mary Jane questions Justin's overtures toward her; Kara helps Orlando in his transition from athlete to broadcaster. 2017-09-19 20 4
Barry D. Bradford guestStars
Michael Salconi guestStars
director Gareth Carrivick
Lilianne Montevechi guestStars
directors Robin Wright
Ned Glass guestStars
James Foley directors
writers Seth Kurland
Thomas Petersson guestStars
writers Randall A. Anderson
Larry irks a hot yoga teacher; has an auspicious first date; and seethes over an encounter with an unfair ride-sharing driver. 9 7 2017-11-12 Namaste
directors Henry Bromell
Mel Brooks guestStars
2 1 2016-12-06
Charmaine Shaw-Gil guestStars
Joe Morton guestStars
1 1993-10-16 The Works...in Wax A boy discovers that statues in his favourite wax museum come to life. 6
guestStars Melissa Greenspan
2 When Zedd tries to save Cara who was re-broken by Darken Rahl, Richard, Kahlan and everyone else's lives are changed dramatically. 21 Unbroken 2010-05-15
network ZDF
Joe Glenn guestStars
2 The bloodied, semi-naked body of 30-year-old Donna Wheeler is discovered by her estranged husband Keith Bond and 12-year-old son.  Donna had been brutally beaten and stabbed and when police investigate they discover that Donna’s estranged husband is a suspect but evidence also points to Keith’s brother Colin.  Which brother really killed Donna Wheeler?  10 2008-11-27 Evil Heart: The Murder of Donna Wheeler
2 2010-01-30 Perdition Richard's trapped in the Valley of Perdition and facing his worst fear, and the sorceress Sister Nicci is plotting to murder Kahlan. Meanwhile, Cara's feelings for the Seeker deepen.  10
directors Tom Fontana
Jonathan Slavin guestStars
director Bill Purple
director Timothy Hutton
2 Episode 2 2000-03-03 3
Larry David writers
director Ed Bye
director Peter Medak
Nicky Gaudagni guestStars
Marie P?rennou director
2 Church in Ruins 2015-07-26 Desperate to locate a missing woman with intel on Caspere, Frank meets with Mexican drug dealers. Ani infiltrates an exclusive inner circle, with Ray and Paul keeping close tabs. 6
writers David Mandel
1 12 2011-02-07 Jennifer Aniston & Tila Tequila Zach sits down with Tila Tequila who may become his new best friend and also welcomes another guest on the show who some people may recognize (Jennifer Aniston).
Pembleton and Falsone look into the death of an elderly man who might have been killed by the pit bulls owned by his grandson. The other detectives hang out at the Waterfront and tell stories about stupid criminals they have met. The judge in the wrongful death suit of Luther Mahoney decides there is enough evidence to turn the suit into a jury trial. Kellerman suspects there might be something up, so he tries to go and see the judge. 1998-03-13 Pit Bull Sessions 6 15
directors Nick Wood
'Schwejk is a bumbling fool (he claims to have been discharged from the army on the grounds of being a certified idiot) but manages to outwit his superiors and his arch nemesis, the secret policeman ''Bretschneider'' with hilarious results. Set during the first world war, it follow Schwejks adventures as a recruit in the Austro-Hungarian army. Die Abenteuer des braven Soldaten Schwejk 1972-02-06 Ended
2 S-H–SHIPPING 6 2017-11-01 JJ’s pressured to date a new student at school who also has cerebral palsy. Maya and Jimmy teach Ray and his girlfriend to think less. Dylan teams with Lafayette alumni to rebel against the school’s “no-prank” initiative.
Russell Wilson guestStars
Kevin Dunn actor
George Macready guestStars
Josh Pais guestStars
Brian Van Holt guestStars
Susan Stroman guestStars
35 Hiroshi dies on the operating table. With his death, Madam Yu passes on the letter he had written to Fukuda with earnest words imploring him to protect Young Jin. Meanwhile, Daiki puts a tail on Majar that leads Matsuura right to the Heroic Corps. 1 2019-07-06 Tinderbox
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Kathryn Klvana guestStars
Reginald Owen guestStars
writers Fred Freiberger
7 When Larry snubs a frightened Cheryl's phone call in favor of dealing with a TiVo repairman, she walks out on him, leaving their friends to decide which of the pair to stay true to. 2007-10-21 6 The TiVo Guy
Claude Akins guestStars
Stuart McDonald directors
guestStars Rachel Nash
1 12 2016-12-16
guestStars Bill Smitrovich
The purschasing of a video endangers Larry's relationship with his secretary, Antoinette, and almost kills Jeff and Susie's best friend.  Cheryl gets medical advice from an unorthodox source. 8 Wandering Bear 2004-02-29 4
2010-12-28 8 Dubbed ‘Mr. Sin’, and ‘the Boss of the Cross’, Abe Saffron ruled his family with an iron fist. A tireless womaniser, he even had his son, Alan, committed to the infamous Chelmsford Psychiatric Hospital, and denied him access to his own children. Saffron’s alleged criminal activities included illegal alcohol sales, dealing in stolen goods, illegal gambling, prostitution, drug dealing, bribery, extortion and murder. Most charges laid against him involved minor firearms or liquor licensing offences but late in his life he finally served seventeen months in jail for tax evasion. He died in 2006, aged 86.  King of the Cross 4
1 The rise and fall of Milestone Comics, an African-American-owned comic book imprint which came to life in early 1990s New York. 2017-12-04 The Color of Comics 5
Elizabeth Norment guestStars
Illeana Douglas guestStars
Alina Foley guestStars
director Jeremy Saulnier
2015-07-19 2 Ray and Frank contemplate new life choices. Ani and Paul follow a lead up the coast. Other Lives 5
director Erin O'Malley
David Redmon directors
Joan Chen guestStars
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Rino Romano guestStars
network
director Dean Parisot
director Rick Marshall
guestStars Jean Willes
guestStars Ann Westin
actor Jo Young-Jin
guestStars Will Monahan
Joanna P. Adler guestStars
guestStars Eva R?se
Denna 1 Richard is captured by a Mord'Sith named Denna, who can manipulate any form of magic directed at her. 8 2009-01-10
Charles Parnell guestStars
1 1 2016-12-05
Saul Rubinek guestStars
2 2017-10-25 The DiMeo kids mistakenly eat old Halloween candy that causes feverish dreams of horror and wish fulfillment, and Kenneth agonizes over which era of Michael Jackson to dress as for Halloween. N-I–NIGHTMARE ON D-I–DIMEO STREET 5
writers Sarah Treem
writers Paul Monash
Episode 14 1 2009-02-17 The F4 comes to Macau and joins Jandi. They meet Junpyo and ask why he’s ignoring Jandi, but he only says that Jandi is no longer related to him. Jandi acts as if she’s alright, but can’t stop crying in front of Jihoo who looks like understanding everything. Jihoo helps the two to meet up, but Junpyo reconfirms the end of their relationship. When Jihoo and Jandi are about to go back to Korea, they unexpectedly meet Jihoo’s friend and were invited to his house in suburbs.. 14
writers Henry Bromell
directors ?? ???
guestStars Liz Cackowsiki
Colin Farrell actor
2 'Ichigo and the others enter the Soul Society after making it past the Capturing Thrust. Now they must find a way to enter the place where the shinigami live. One way to enter is to pass through the Gate of Pure Spirits. One problem though; Jidanbou, a man of Herculean strength, is guarding the entrance. 2005-03-01 Enter! The World of the Shinigami 1
Diane Baker guestStars
1 Super Rider III ~ Neko De Drive 44 2008-02-03
Gary Amers actor
Julie London guestStars
directors Garth Maxwell
guestStars Jerry Orbach
guestStars Jody Warner
Alison Maclean directors
0 2013-11-20 About a Woman (1) with Meeri Koutaniemi 39
guestStars Ken Kramer
Rusty Clauss guestStars
Lola Albright guestStars
1962-01-21 16 3 The Velvet Trap
'A white man is found lynched in a historic black section of the city; Falsone and Lewis investigate. The day after Tim's dinner date with the male restaurant owner that Tim was positive about, Frank is perplexed by Tim's interest in Laura Ballard. The autopsy reveals that the hanged man was also whipped. Gharty worries about Ballard getting involved with ''''switch-hitter'''' Bayliss. Lewis is convinced the lynching is related back to the victim's Civil War ancestor, infamous runaway-slave catcher and free-blacks abductress. Tim and Laura attend an art show. 10 1998-01-09 Sins of the Father 6
1 'Barbara Mullenix, 56, and daughter Rachel, 16, move to CA. Rachael soon finds a boyfriend, Ian Allen, 21, but Barbara feels jealous and threatened, fueled by her alcoholism. While Barbara can be difficult and abusive, she and Rachael are very close. Still, in 2006, an odd ''love triangle'' develops--and since three is always a crowd--one will have to go. Mother Of All Evils 10 2014-01-04
director Uli Edel
Oni Faida Lampley guestStars
Vikram Gandhi writers
directors John McNaughton
director Julie Martin
guestStars Karen Williams
Craig Anton guestStars
director James Foley
directors Ted Demme
The Cricket and the Puppy Ended
The Monarch leads an attack on his new arch-nemesis, Dr. Jonas Venture Jr., at his base on Spider Skull Island. The Lepidopterists 10 2008-08-03 3
Hazelle Goodman guestStars
Paul Mazursky guestStars
writers Jorge Zamacona
Dana Ivey guestStars
Shawn Hatosy guestStars
The Anonymous Donor 2 It's moving day for both the Blacks and the Davids; Larry's prized Joe Pepitone jersey is lost at the dry cleaners; Larry's irked at Ted Danson's anonymous donation; Cheryl is grossed out by a semen stain on a guest-room quilt. 6 2007-09-16
guestStars Robert Douglas
Laurie Solow Miller guestStars
2 1 1972-02-09
James Tolkan guestStars
2 9 2017-08-28 Episode 9
2009-01-24 1 10 Sacrifice Richard and Kahlan rescue pregnant Dennee (Kahlan's sister) from the D'Haran prison
2010-11-23 Mother of Evil 'One eyed crime matriarch Kath Pettingill mothered a brood of 10 children, many of whom variously went to early graves, prison or witness protection. She has a string of convictions and wrote an autobiography titled “The Matriarch” She is reported to have offered $20,000 for the testicles of an undercover detective who infiltrated her crime family.Her family included:DENNIS ALLEN, SON: one of the most feared drug dealers in Melbourne. Nicknamed ‘Mr. Death’ or ‘Mr. D’, he was believed to have been involved in up to 13 underworld murders including members of his own family. He’s been blamed for the dismembering of a Hells Angels biker with a chainsaw. He died in 1987, aged 35. VICTOR GEORGE PEIRCE, SON - A member notorious armed robber who was one of four men charged and acquitted of the ambush murders of two young police constables in Walsh Street, South Yarra, on October 12, 1988. At age 42, Peirce would meet his end, becoming a victim of the Gangland killings, shot dead in 2002. Pierce’s defacto, Wendy Peirce, told a newspaper in 2007 that her husband had organised the Walsh Street killings as payback for the death of his friend Graeme Jensen, who was shot dead in Narre Warren by police the day before.TREVOR PETTINGILL, SON - Born February 16, 1965, Trevor's experience of institutions began when he was six years old. He was put under state supervision because he was seen to be in moral danger. Trevor became a hardened career criminal. In 1987, with mother Kath, he pleaded guilty to heroin possession. Trevor was also charged with the murders of the two policemen in Walsh St in 1988.PETER JOHN ALLEN, SON - has multiple convictions for rape, armed robbery, drug trafficking and other offences, and spent 28 years behind bars.JASON RYAN, NEPHEW - Jason moved in with his uncle Dennis Allen during the height of his heroin empire and was apparently used as a carrier of drugs and guns. Jason became a witness for the prosecution in the trial of his uncle for the Walsh St murders. 4 3
Andi Masterson guestStars
Jim O'Heir actor
Rhonda R. Overby guestStars
Toshi Toda guestStars
2018-02-19 Continuing 'The show is a new and ambitious concept for Ylvis. It's based on current events in Norway, but will also contain satirical songs and feature Ylvis playing multiple roles in each episode. On 1 November 2017, TVNorge released a teaser clip on Youtube called ''Bieber Fever'', about the media frenzy that occurred when singer Justin Bieber arrived in Oslo for a concert Stories from Norway
writers Jack Behr
22 'On board the Argo, Derek, Nova and Sandor are unable to locate Flash and Jason, who are trapped in a tunnel on the planet. Suddenly, Flash and Jason meet the planet's life center, who asks them to take care of Queen Mariposa. Phantom says that Mariposa has the secret to the planet Guardiana and must be taken somewhere safe. Phantom then returns Flash, Jason and Mariposa to the planet's surface, where a rescue ship from the Argo picks them up. They describe their findings to Derek, who assigns Flash to be Mariposa's escort.After the Star Force leaves, they see Galmanian ships materialize. Mariposa says that the Galmans will attack Phantom. Flash warns Derek, who sends an urgent message to the Galmans asking them not to attack. The message is ignored, however, and the Galmans destroy Phantom. Derek asks Desslok why he ordered Phantom destroyed. Desslok says that he punished Phantom for embarrassing him and Derek by deceiving them.Having lost much time, the Star Force resumes its search for a new Earth. Meanwhile, Belmayze and Desslok learn that Mariposa is now on board the Argo and dispatch war fleets after the ship.111 days remain before the sun destroys Earth.  1981-03-14 3 Farewell Planet Phantom
guestStars Jerry Hauck
James Foley directors
1 R-A-Y-C-- RAY-CATION 8 2016-11-30 Maya enlists the family to assist JJ in romancing a girl at school, but it backfires when JJ expresses his feelings to Claire, and they are not reciprocated. Meanwhile, as the DiMeos are always late, Ray has the family practice to get to school in time for his upcoming weekend field trip.
2015-10-25 Sodachi Lost - Part 1 Hanekawa reveals her concerns about Ougi as she and Araragi go to visit Oikura. 4 4
Akiyuki Shimbou writers
Khali Macintyre guestStars
Meeri Koutaniemi guestStars
Michael Chaban guestStars
Larry David writers
directors Henry Bromell
Antonie Hegerl?kova actor
guestStars Per Andersson
Victoria Michaelis guestStars
2 1961-01-16 The Perils of Penrose 14
Sharon Elizabeth Doyle writers
director Daniel Minahan
Kellerman and Lewis (with Brodie) investigate a shooting at the New Moon motel, where everyone there has a motive for the crime. They split up and canvass the denizens of the motel; Lewis also searches for the victim's missing boot. The murder is just one of the many crimes that has occurred or is occurring at this establishment. Full Moon 17 1996-04-05 4
Stephen Colbert guestStars
Lars Mikkelsen actor
guestStars Vladimir Sokoloff
director Boris Sagal
director Tom Fontana
director Nick Wood
5 0 Interview with Nina Wadia
Martin Garcia guestStars
Jordan R. Coleman guestStars
director Na Young Seok
Emma Molin guestStars
writers ?? ?
Kana Hanazawa actor
Pippa Scott guestStars
Benjamin Bratt guestStars
actor Boris McGiver
guestStars Tamika Katon-Donega
Robert B. Weide directors
Kyle Gass guestStars
writers Herbert Reinecker
David Simon writers
directors Nick Wood
Heikki Patom?ki guestStars
Alyssa Milano guestStars
2 1 2017-03-17 Episode 2
Nicholas Day guestStars
Armando Benitez guestStars
'To capitalize on the merchandising craze brought forth by HBO's series ''Tales from the Crypt'', they invented this Saturday morning cartoon.  Much like the series (and EC comics) that the cartoon was based on, the show featured different child characters weekly who ended up in twisted situations, but with a little more morality play than the HBO series.Still hosting was The Cryptkeeper, and in the second season, The Vaultkeeper and The Old Witch (both narrators from the comic series) had come in to upstage The Cryptkeeper.  After two seasons, the show disappeared from ABC's lineup, but resurfaced on CBS in 1999 with new episodes, under the title ''New Tales from the Cryptkeeper.'' The Vaultkeeper and the Old Witch were now absent as hosts, and the Cryptkeeper kept popping up within the context of the story more than in the previous seasons.  In 2000, CBS dropped their entire Saturday morning children's show schedule.  Since then, the show has aired in Canada and elsewhere in the world. Tales From the Cryptkeeper 1993-09-18 Ended
Holly Twyford guestStars
After a murder on the Tiki occurs, Adam is wrongfully accused of the crime and the passengers are asked for their testimonies at his trial. 1961-12-17 The Trial of Adam Troy 11 3
writers Frank Chase
Henry Frost guestStars
Beverly Brigham guestStars
Kaitlin Olson guestStars
Steve Cumyn guestStars
2 A Many Splendored Thing Bolander asks Kay if she would double date with him and Linda, to try to take the pressure off his first real date. A slain phone-sex operator is found clutching a note naming her boss as the perpetrator, Bayliss and Pembleton investigate. Munch has trouble dealing with Bolander's happiness, so he crashes the double date and makes everyone miserable. A man is shot to death over a pen at the library, Lewis and Crosetti investigate and find a man with a pen fetish. As Bayliss looks into the murder he begins to get involved. 1994-01-27 4
guestStars Carter McNeese
directors Nick Gomez
director Simon Delaney
Joe Lane guestStars
actor Nam Gyu-Ri
director ?????????
Micah Fowler actor
guestStars Adam Paul
director Felix Feist
2012-12-31 0 Later, Araragi meets up with Oshino Meme, who quizzes him about Hanekawa. He reveals everything except the secret he was sworn not to tell, including finding and burying a silver cat with no tail. From this, Oshino warns that Hanekawa may have been possessed by an Oddity, the Curse Cat. He instructs Araragi to find Hanekawa, whilst he looks for the shallow grave they dug for the silver cat. Araragi finds Hanekawa, but things then take a turn for the worse... Tsubasa Family - Part 2 4
Hand Walk III ~ Bamboo Derby II 1 2008-02-03 36
director Alec Berg
Rachel Snow guestStars
Ian Buck guestStars
2 19 Episode 19 2017-09-12
Edgar Barrier guestStars
Kevin Spacey actor
director Bill Purple
John Ritz Miller guestStars
Louis Herthum guestStars
Mads Br?gger directors
Sabrina Boudot guestStars
Justin Bieber 1 19 2013-09-26 Zach Galifianakis sits down with Justin Bieber for an interview no one will ever forget.
August Schellenberg guestStars
Larry David actor
Sean McClory guestStars
guestStars Liz Cackowsiki
director Chris Martin-Jones
2 The Big Surf 9 1960-12-05
director David Maysles
director Carl Franklin
For God and Country (2) 12 1996-02-09 Continuing the investigation in New York City, Egan's wife is questioned by Frank and Tim.   Just a few hours later, Egan's wife is killed and Egan's son is seen running.  Kendall is taken into proctective custody until he gives up the suspect's name. Lennie Briscoe and Rey Curtis (from Law and Order) come to Baltimore.  Munch finds out that Lennie knew his ex-wife a little too much (She moved to NYC after divorcing him).  The suspect tried to escape in a seaplane but is caught.  NYC ADA Claire Kincaid comes down to extradite him back to NYC, which made Frank upset.  While extraditing him, the suspect has a heart attack and dies at the train station. (Charm City (1) aired on Law & Order, season 6, episode 13.) 4
guestStars Bailey Thompson
Julie Grossberg guestStars
guestStars James Urbaniak
2017-09-05 18 After learning that Paul and Helen are getting a divorce, the Paterson family struggles to cope with the imminent changes. Feeling Destined 4
director James Foley
1 22 Episode 22 2009-03-23 The wedding ceremony finally starts and Junpyo enters in. However, Jaekyung maps out a plan and ruins the wedding. Junpyo and Jandi sneak off to the resort and spend time together. Jaekyung returns the necklace to Jihoo and leaves to New York on the next day. Jandi and Junpyo’s happy moment is about to fall apart, since the break off brings a crisis to Shinhwa group. Now Junpyo’s mother anger is towards Jandi.
Helen Hedman guestStars
1 The cricket and the retort bass 7
writers Mike Sussman
Laura Shepherd directors
After came back from the school trip, Junpyo’s curious feeling for Jandi grows even bigger. Jandi meets Jihu, who is having a hard time because of Seohyeon, and Junpyo hears about this. Jandi worries about Jihu and goes to see him, but encounters Junpyo who is waiting for her with jealous eyes. At Seohyeon’s birthday party, Seohyeon announces that she’s going to France, leaving everything behind. When Jandi goes to say goodbye to her, she sees the scene of Jihu declaring his love for Seohyeon. 1 Episode 3 2009-01-12 3
Monty ponders whether all heroes have to solve big problems or if there are some superheroes who focus on smaller tasks. 1 2016-08-30 17 Daredevil Dude
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
guestStars Lisa Leslie
Patricia Breslin guestStars
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Lisa Ann Walter guestStars
2 It's just after midnight when a car arrives at Fred Barskin's villa, it's Zelda a super model. She thinks her contract is up, and wants to leave. But Baskin made her contract that extents her contract unlimited. Yet, Zelda still wants to leave, but she tried, she gets stopped by Barskin's henchman who brings her back to the villa. Later, in Ace's room at the Ring Theater, Cosmo tries to hypnotize Ace, it failed. He wants Ace to show him the trick behind hypnotizing anyone. They prepare for the show, Cosmo notices that is in the audience (since he admires her). Professor Braun informs Zelda that she is now working for the Universal Beauty Institute (U.B.I.) Zelda refuses to sign the contract because she wants to leave the model business. The show starts, Ace asks for a volunteer and Zelda goes to the stage. Barskin tries to stop her but Ace stops him. When Ace asked what of animal she would like to be, she choose an eagle. Ace uses his magic to transform her into an eagle. While distrac 11 A Model Top Model
2 J-J’S D-R–DREAM Ray gets in over his head when he makes up a fake charity to impress his girlfriend; Maya gives Jimmy tips on being the boss; and Dylan demands Kenneth get out of her space. 2017-10-11 3
director Morag Fullarton
Paul F. Tompkins guestStars
Izzy Diaz guestStars
John Haynes Walker guestStars
writers Nic Pizzolatto
director Juliet May
director Stuart McDonald
Plumber, drilling mud, Rough necker (oil drilling) 2 Plumber 2006-03-14 5
Cady Huffman guestStars
writers Eric Overmyer
Stephen Angus guestStars
1 2013-06-02 A three-month period in the lives of our heroes and villains is chronicled. Dr. Venture recruits college interns to help him complete a project for J.J. in time, but things go awry. Dean makes a life-changing decision after Triana rejects him, and Billy Quizboy acquires a new archenemy. What Color is Your Cleansuit? 5
David Dossey guestStars
directors Charlie Haskell
Shea Whigham guestStars
2019-03-29 20 The DiMeos set out for one last “JJ Adventure” before he heads to college, but things get bumpy when the family takes an ill-advised shortcut. Maya and Kenneth’s relationship is tested when they disagree over who knows JJ’s needs best. Meanwhile, Jimmy, JJ and Dylan find fun they shouldn’t be having, and Ray tests his wilderness mettle. ON THE R-O-- ROAD A-G-- AGAIN 3
directors Chris Menaul
David Stifel guestStars
Michael Reese guestStars
'Returning to Syndicate 9 after a year with Vice, Rachel (Suranne Jones) needs some time to rekindle her neglected friendship with Janet (Lesley Sharp), but the shocking murder of Michael Edgerton forces her to hit the ground running as she steps up to Acting DI under the watchful eye of Julie Dodson (Pippa Haywood). When a teenage boy sees a clip of Michael’s murder on the darknet, it’s clear that Syndicate 9 are dealing with something much bigger and more sinister than a single, indiscriminate murder. A sick game is being played and Syndicate 9 need to find the next potential victim before the killer does.  Glad of Rachel’s return, Janet couldn’t have known how much she was going to need her friend. When Taisie (Harriet Waters) is arrested, setting off an inconceivable chain of events, Janet is thrown into turmoil and Rachel’s wisdom and experience are exactly what she needs to steer her through the crisis. 1 2016-04-13 Ghost 5
directors Justus Addiss
1 A Promise 11 When checking the King's meal, the silver spoon turns black and this goes to blame on child from lantern festival and her father. Owing to the help of Eunuch Do and Teacher Dasan, Lee Yeong reveals that the child and her father are innocent.  2016-09-26
2 It's Murray and Bailey this week, as Rachel travels to Bristol with the DCI, who is advising on a rape and murder which bears similarities to a case she worked on 13 years previously. Back then she helped catch the perpetrator, who killed four women, but naturally he is protesting his innocence. At home, Rachel discovers her brother Dom has been prostituting himself in her flat - and just to top things off, she learns the charges against her ex-boyfriend Nick are being dropped. 2012-03-26 Pipe Dreams 3
Robert B. Weide directors
Boyd Banks guestStars
2 1 A native diver discovers a rare black pearl. The find causes a great deal of excitement among the passengers on Adam's schooner. The Black Pearl 1959-10-12
director Daniel Junge
Smoke Gets in Your Eyes 1 8 1993-03-24 'The building is checked for air quality and later Gee is outraged when the asbestos removal teams come in without his knowledge. While investigating the death of a gang member, Bolander and Munch use an ''''Electrolyte-Neutron Magnetic Test'''' to break a boy into giving up the guilty party. Felton and Pembleton can't understand why their partners are trying to quit smoking, again.
2 2018-08-19 Shh! It's a Customer's Secret 4 The Golden Time Team is back on the tracks of Kwak Min Soo, the suspect in the murder of Team Leader Jang. Luckily, he was caught trying to flee the country by the coast guard, giving Kang Kwon Joo and Do Kang Woo a chance to interview him. Although they manage to gain information of a man who could be the mastermind, Kwak Min Soo is killed by the real culprit when left alone. The real culprit then shifts his attention on the Golden Time Team and starts to target its members, putting everyone on high alert.
Danielle Panabaker actor
actor ???
director Laura Shepherd
Ian Gomez guestStars
1 Ace and Cosmo are on their way back from a show in Lazaro City when the Magic Express crashes in the desert. Cosmo leaves Ace a note about the crash being his fault and goes for help. He finds another person in the desert followed by a pack of wild hyenas which end up attacking Cosmo. Ace and Zina save when they meet a hunter named Count Hebon. He invites everyone to his place for a cold drink. But the whole place is a trap for Ace and his friends. Hebon wants revenge for losing a person who apparently escaped from him and that person is found by the police and taken to the police headquarters where Vega is about to receive his long-overdue promotion. When he learns about the train crash, he realizes his friends may be in serious danger so he takes off to find them to the displeasure of Friedrichs who won't let anyone leave until Vega returns. At Hebon's estate, Ace and Cosmo fight for their lives through the deadly traps but then they reunite and agreed they'll get out of there alive 19 The Chase 1999-06-26
guestStars Marika Carlsson
Landy Li actor
director Danny Chun
1 Like A Pierrot IV ~ Sponge Bridge 31 2008-02-03
writers Paul Attanasio
director Jean de Segonzac
Rob Reiner guestStars
2 Episode 14 2017-09-04 14
director Salim Akil
Larry David writers
Lee Oakes actor
guestStars John van Dreelen
Jang Hyuk actor
director Timothy Hutton
Nadia Dajani guestStars
director Ed Bye
24 2016-09-08 1 Tasty Trip After seeing an advertisement for the World Food Festival, Monty wonders if there are ways other than travelling to explore the world.
Doc Hammer actor
Robert B. Weide director
Der Kaiser von Schexing 2008-02-08 Ended
Boyd Banks guestStars
director Helmuth Ashley
Radovan Lukavsk? actor
David M. Barsky guestStars
Kayla Maisonet guestStars
writers Matt Roller
Delaine Yates guestStars
guestStars Jane Carr
Kevin Kendrick guestStars
Je Soo is able to escape after faking a suicide. Soon after his escape, he comes across someone. Even when the Golden Time Team responds immediately, they lost Je Soo. The team returns to their post and receives a call from a man who claims that someone is shooting people with a sumpitan. After accessing how dangerous the situation is, Kwon Joo declares a Code Zero. (Source: Viu) 5 The Secret Of Sumpitan 2019-05-25 3
Nick Olcott guestStars
guestStars David DeBoy
directors Robin Wright
Hand Walk II ~ Daruma 7 ~ Bamboo Derby 1 7 2008-02-03
actor Kwak Dong-yeon
Kari Matchett guestStars
writers Tom Fontana
Jeff Bankert guestStars
Kennen Sisco guestStars
Andrew Robertt guestStars
Kris Mcgaha guestStars
2 'Professor Jonathon Surge was visiting his lab when he suddenly disappears. No one knows where went. Meanwhile, Ace has a new trick he performing for the first time in the Ring Theater. It consists of himself getting pulled towards a gigantic magnet, which he then takes out and depletes all of its energy, using himself as a catalyst. While he disables the magnet with electricity, the whole system shorts out, taking all of Electro City's power with it. Nothing works anymore. The Surge batteries, a kind of battery that runs eternally, are all dead. Ace investigates while more batteries fail until the whole city is without power. Friedrich is trapped in an elevator, the Croesus Palace is unable to run its games and Sunny Boy, who first gloats that everything is going according to plan, finds that the Surge Industries is dropping. While searching for Prof. Surge, Ace and Cosmo are confronted by Sonny Boy, who tells them that his father has ''''retired''''. He never liked his father, because his d What Were You Doing In Electro City When The Lights Went Off? 6
Robert B. Weide directors
guestStars Raja Deka
2 The syndicate deals with a shooting, and discovers that the victim has been sexually mutilated. Andy seems determined to freeze Janet out of the investigation. Sean tries to engineer a reconciliation between Rachel and her mother, and Rachel warms to the idea of marriage. 2012-04-23 7 Sidelines
Kiyoshi Kobayashi actor
director Jean de Segonzac
director Josef Leytes
writers Alvin Sapinsley
director Alec Berg
13 1 Mike first goes to the Chimney Safety Institute of America in Plainfield, IN and learns how to be a certified chimney sweeper. Mike then goes to Ontario, Canada to salvage underwater logs, which are then used to make furniture. Finally, Mike visits a scrap metal recycler in St. Louis, MO and learns how to separate different metals and operate some big machines. Chimney Sweeper 2005-11-08
Dan Holden writers
Moon Unit Zappa guestStars
Patrick Kerr guestStars
Nanna Ingvarsson guestStars
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Robert B. Weide director
Rhys Williams guestStars
Veronica Hunsinger-Loe guestStars
directors Tim Van Patten
Mitchell Leisen directors
directors Tom Fontana
1992-11-19 7 Rumpole defends a teenager charged with stealing from old people. Curiously, Rumpole's own apartment is promptly broken into and documents are stolen. Erskine-Brown is in the running again to 'take silk' (become a Queen's Counsel) but the word around the Inns of Court is that he does not have enough 'bottom' and will not make the grade. Phyllida launches a campaign in support of Claude, but can she pull it off? Rumpole and the Reform of Joby Jonson 4
guestStars Marcel de la Brosse
writers Tom Fontana
directors Tom Greiss
1 And They Lived Happily Ever After 'Lt. Vega is spying on Captian Friedrichs's finacee because he thinks she is a spy. However, she somehow manage to sneak up at Vega and pushes him at top of a building. Luckily, he ends up in the hospital only suffering from a broken leg after landing on a dumpster. Ace and Cosmo visit him and agree to take over the case. But this means that Ace can not come to the dining date with Mona. Ace and Cosmo watch Friedrich's love carefully but are nearly caught. Then they learn about the Forever & Ever Agency a marriage agency which can fully guarantee a perfect match for anyone. To Ace's surprise, the agency's major stockholder is Black Jack himself. To fully understand Black Jack's evil plan is, Ace signs up with the agency and finds his ''''true soulmate'''', Belinda. Mona discovers Ace and Belinda via Sensa-News and gets very upset. When Ace brings his ''''date'''' back to the Magic Express, he exposes the truth about her being a spy. They fought for a little while, but Ace upper hand. Ace and Cosmo 1999-06-05 14
Na Young Seok directors
directors Andy Ackerman
Eric Alexander guestStars
directors Paul Walker
Kate Kiley guestStars
2 A celebration brings the whole group together but as always, it doesn't go to plan. 2015-07-06 Wedding 6
Joe Orofino guestStars
directors Christine Gernon
directors Jackson Publick
director Kyle Secor
director Tomoyuki Itamura
Tom Gries director
David Steinberg director
Michael J. Fox guestStars
director Jorge Zamacona
Helena Eronen guestStars
David Steinberg director
'When Andre sees a picture of Mary Jane with David at the gala he starts questioning if she is still involved with him 1 2014-02-18 Hindsight is 20/40  6
guestStars Ed Burke
writers Melissa James Gibson
2 The Monarch continues to rebuild his villainous empire with the aid of his shadowy new Number 2, Dr. Henry Killinger, but Henchman 21 is suspicious of the deadly foreigner's unctuous charms.  Meanwhile, as Dr. Orpheus attempts to exorcise a Japanese demon from Dr. Venture, a mysterious woman from Doc's past resurfaces.  And she'd kill to find out where Hank and Dean are. I Know Why the Caged Bird Kills 10 2006-09-24
Joy Ehrlich guestStars
actor Tony Pitts
Ken Jeong guestStars
2017-09-16 2 27 Episode 27
directors ?? ?
writers Julie Martin
Pamela Payton-Wright guestStars
Daniel Attias directors
Barry Flatman guestStars
Marin Hinkle guestStars
Jane Beard guestStars
0 2014-10-22 74 Special Guests: Marjaana Toiviainen and Frank Martela
Don Hany guestStars
directors Rick Marshall
Charles Parnell guestStars
writers Yukito Kizawa
director Daniel Kontur
director Chris Martin-Jones
Noreen Kershaw directors
director Michael Hurst
Ann Ryerson guestStars
Maribel Mart?n actor
2019-02-17 7 Following up on new leads, Wayne and Roland track down a man who left the police force in the midst of the Purcell investigation. Meanwhile, Amelia visits Lucy Purcell’s best friend in hopes of gaining insights into the whereabouts of the mysterious one-eyed man. The Final Country 3
Nathaniel Lees guestStars
directors Akiyuki Shinbo
writers Chris Marcil
Robert B. Weide director
Suruga Devil - Part 1 0 2014-08-16 10 'After the graduation of Araragi and Senjougahara, Suruga alone to deal with her left hand that has been turned monsterous from her mother's monkey paw charm. After hearing rumors of a ''Devil'' that can solve one's problems no matter what, Suruga set out to find this person.
Tory Kittles actor
James Brown-Orleans guestStars
writers Noel Behn
Mister Ed Early 1960s sitcom about an architect named Wilbur Post and his talking horse, Mister Ed. 1961-01-01 Ended
2 Graves 2012-04-09 Janet comes face to face with the man who left her fighting for life just months earlier - serial killer Geoff Hastings, who has vowed to finally reveal the full extent of his crimes. Rachel and the rest of the team investigate the racially motivated murder of a taxi driver. On the personal front, Andy refuses to take no for an answer, so Janet threatens to report him to the DCI. 5
director Felix Feist
Arlette Clark guestStars
Refuge 1 Matsuda and Taro try to flee from the scene but get held up by Jung Im at gunpoint. Shortly after, Fukuda and Nam Ok come from behind. As the situation escalates, Jung Im fires her gun at Fukuda, critically injuring him as she and Nam Ok get away. Meanwhile, back in Gyeongseong, Hiroshi hears of the standoff and visits the governor. 2019-06-29 31
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Robert Bockstael guestStars
actor Dana Ashbrook
writers David Mandel
Muggsy Bogues guestStars
director Akiyuki Shimbou
2016-08-29 Ra On expected herself to be failed from the exam with reference to become the Eunich. However, owing to the decisive help from the crown prince, Ra On stays at the palace. The king decided to make Lee Yeong, the crown prince as his regent.  1 I Will Be Right Behind You 3
The Weatherman 2004-01-25 Larry David has a huge problem with name tags. In the process Larry reveals a bathroom preference that disgusts Jeff. Ted Danson makes another great cameo. 4 4
9 Running with the Bulls 4 2017-10-22 Larry’s therapist accuses him of overstepping. Susie grows suspicious of Jeff. Larry bribes an usher at a funeral.
director David Fincher
2 1 Aided by the wisdom of wizards, Richard pursues Fane in the hope of recovering the Book of Counted Shadows. 2008-11-01 Destiny
2017-05-10 M-A-- MAY-JAY 1 22 With the school year over, Maya is excited to spend the summer with JJ, but he and Kenneth have other plans. Meanwhile, Jimmy gets special treatment at the most unlikely of places, while Dylan's identity in the family is threatened.
Jane Edith Wilson guestStars
Simon Doonan now living in New York, remembers the time auditioning for the school play led to his mother being arrested for assault and the re-enactment of a famous horror film. 2 1 How I Got My Nose 2008-10-09
Kari Matchett guestStars
2 1 Sister In the Season 2 premiere, Violet panics when her wealthy sister, whom she hasn't seen in years, announces a visit; and Ash wants the group to meet his girlfriend. 2015-06-01
guestStars Victor Anthony
directors Alex Graves
directors Alan Smithee
1 Deception Richard goes undercover and infiltrates a D'Haren camp to save innocent lives after he and Kahlen discover that Darken Rahl has been using dark magic to fight the resistance. 2009-03-28 17
This docuseries examines high-profile murder cases in which a celebrity is at the center of the crime -- either as a suspect or the victim. Each episode takes a look at a specific case, revealing key information and clues to create dramatic re-creations that help show viewers what happened. The show also gets insights from crime experts and people who have personal connections to people involved in the crime. Celebrities involved in the notable cases featured on the series include Robert Blake, O.J. Simpson, Tupac Shakur and Phil Hartman. Hollywood Homicide Uncovered Ended
It's Mammy versus nature when Baz and Nancy encounter ostriches, lions and great white sharks in South Africa. Also on the to-do list is a bungee jump 1 South Africa 5 2014-09-22
Matsuura goes to meet Seung Jin expecting to get Kim Won Bong in his hands. However, when Matsuura meets with him, he finds out it was all a trap. Meanwhile, Won Bong takes an unsuspecting Nam Ok to a warehouse bearing arms. 1 22 2019-06-08 The Betrayal
directors Helmuth Ashley
director Tom Fontana
guestStars Christopher McCulloch (Henchman 24
Abby Wolf guestStars
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
writers Arika Lisanne Mittman
Nick Nervies guestStars
writers David Manson
writers Talbot Jennings
directors Gareth Carrivick
Robert B. Weide directors
writers Yukito Kizawa
Jessica Blair guestStars
writers Scott Silveri
George Coe guestStars
guestStars Adrienne Shelly
Cave Biologist Mike Rowe works with a cave biologist and then braves the high seas in search of slime eels. 4 2008-01-22 3
2014-10-08 0 American – The Bill Hicks Story 69
writers Sam Forman
Akiyuki Shimbou directors
guestStars Brad Carter
Michael McKean guestStars
1 8 An overlooked detail provides Hart and Cohle with an important new lead in their 17-year-old case. 2014-03-09 Form and Void
Harvey Korman guestStars
writers James Yoshimura
director Robin Wright
1 The refined world-weariness of W.B. Yeats, Wilfred Owen, Edward Thomas, Robert Frost, T.S. Eliot, and W.H. Auden. Featured performers: Isla Blair, Cyril Cusack, Nicholas Gecks, Stacy Keach, and Ian Richardson. 1984-12-02 Early Twentieth Century, 1914-1939 15
directors David Mandel
Saigon Rose 6 6 1997-11-21 Two Vietnamese teenagers witness the shooting of their parents and some friends. One of the friends was a cop and one of the shooters they say was another cop. That cop they discover failed her psyche evaluation but may have possibly gotten her job due to Affirmative Action; although strings pulled by her father proved to be her ticket into law enforcement. After they are able to implicate the cop in the shooting, as a bonus they discover the body of her string-pulling father. Ballard suffers from an allergic reaction to crabs. Falsone finds out that the case against Georgia Rae Mahoney is going to be dropped because of a lack of evidence. He suspects that the whole Mahoney thing is going to blow up in the department's face, because he knows the Mahoney shooting didn't go down the way Stivers, Kellerman and Lewis reported it. Kellerman debates with Cox about what he should do about the Mahoney situation.
writers Gary Janetti
writers Brian Keefer
2 1 Surprise 2011-06-05 Rachel's personal life gets even more complicated when she reveals to Nick that she is pregnant. At work, the team face a particularly gruesome case - a mother of two has been brutally raped and left to bleed to death in the boot of her car. A sharp piece of detective work from Rachel leads to teenager Luke Farrell being charged, but horrific events start to unravel as a result of his arrest. Janet steps up her investigation into her childhood friend Veronica's death and meets up with an officer who investigated the murder.
guestStars Guido Grasso Jr
Matthew McConaughey actor
Peter O'Neal guestStars
Robert Weide directors
director Josef Leytes
director Peter Weller
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
1 2019-06-22 After learning that Young Jin is Bluebird, Hiroshi tells Fukuda to find her and to bring her alive. In Shanghai, Won Bong and Kim Gu listen to Yun Bong Gil, a vegetable merchant, who plans to strike Japan during a war victory celebration held at Hongkou Park, Shanghai. Meanwhile, Fukuda deduces that the Heroic Corps and Kim Gu's spy are in Shanghai. 28 Yun Bong Gil
directors Paul Stanley
E. Dawn Samuel guestStars
Koyomi Stone 0 21 2016-01-09
Everything in Iceland continues to fascinate the four dummies, and this time, they visit Jokulsarlon to see the icebergs and a beautiful ice cave that formed hundreds of years ago. At night, they drive out to see the Northern Lights again, and they enjoy themselves stargazing and making new memories together. 5 2016-01-29 The Ice Cave 3
Bruce Gordon guestStars
director Alan Smithee
Ellie Wang guestStars
9 2002-11-10 Mary, Joseph and Larry Larry proves himself an unskilled Christmas tipper, while both Larry and Jeff prove incompetent at creating believable alibis for the messes they get in. After offending his housekeeper, Larry makes amends with her at the expense of his wife. Later, Larry attempts to reconcile with Cheryl's family after ruining their nativity scene. 3
guestStars Paul Schulze
2 1994-09-24 'In ''The Avenging Phantom,'' a young boy named Jimmy wishes he can get revenge on his tormentors like his comic book superhero, ''The Avenging Phantom,'' and gets his wish, but with dire consequences. The Avenging Phantom 4
2013-11-09 Investigation Discovery’s series I’D KILL FOR YOU exposes chilling crimes committed by men and women with twisted agendas who use their lovers as murder weapons. I'd Kill For You Ended
Laraine Newman guestStars
Larry David writers
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Ross Ashcroft directors
Jerry Seinfeld guestStars
David Schurmann guestStars
2014-08-26 Irish daredevil presenter Baz Ashmawy and his 71-year-old mother Nancy embark on the trip of a lifetime and attempt to complete every item on an extreme bucket list he has created for her. Continuing 50 Ways To Kill Your Mammy
1 12 2015-08-11 Episode 12
Michelle Nolden guestStars
Pamela Isaacs guestStars
guestStars Julie Payne
1 1980-05-16 7
directors Helmuth Ashley
The Baby Sitters 25 1962-03-25 3
Mark Norby guestStars
David Simon writers
18 2019-03-15 S-E-- SEOUL B-R-- BROTHERS JJ struggles with spending his new social security benefits strictly on boring stuff. Kenneth uncovers a secret that upsets the status quo in Maya and Jimmy’s relationship. Meanwhile, Ray’s run-in with an old love threatens his chances at a Quiz Bowl championship. 3
Date With a Serial Killer: Rodney Cameron 'Rodney Francis Cameron was dubbed ‘The Lonely Hearts Killer’ after he used a radio match-making program in 1990 to lure an unsuspecting woman to her death. Incredibly, he had only just been released from prison for two other killings in 1974. Cameron’s psychopathic tendencies appeared early in his life. At the age of ten he tried to strangle a young girl. He then attempted to strangle two other women, and moved into a life of alcohol and drug abuse, including experimenting with hallucinogenic chemicals. He also dabbled in Satanism. At the age of 19, while working at a nursing home in the Blue Mountains, west of Sydney, he raped and strangled nurse Florence Jackson.  The victim was left with a towel stuffed down her throat in what was to become his signature “mark of death”.  A week later, heading south to Melbourne, he hitched a lift with a 19-year-old bank clerk, Francesco Ciliberto, whom he strangled with a football sock.  A short time later, he was caught in Queensland after abducting a mother and daughter. He told arresting police he “had to kill three.” He was sentenced to prison for life and served 16 years. While incarcerated he married a lifelong friend named Anne. Soon after his release in 1990, he rang a late-night match-maker talkback program on radio 3AW Melbourne.  He described himself as a non-smoker and non-drinker, Gemini marine biologist who was searching for a partner “willing to share his happiness”. Forty-four-year-old Maria Goellner was one of six women who responded to his call. A few weeks later Maria was found lying dead on a motel room floor in the Blue Mountains, the same area where Cameron had committed this first murder 16 years earlier.   She had a handkerchief stuffed down her throat. The killer was jailed again for life, this time his file was marked “never to be released.” While in jail he allegedly made admissions to an informant indicating he had killed five additional victims, including two other women after his release from prison in 1990.   Police believe he was almost certainly responsible for the 1974 murder of elderly Sydney woman Sarah McKenzie, but there was not enough information to take that case to trial or to identify any of the other alleged victims.  6 2009-07-30 3
2 2009-10-25 The Monarch decides to settle for cash as the best revenge on Dr. Venture and takes Hank and Dean hostage. However, Hank is rescued by Captain Sunshine, who wants a new boy sidekick to replace his fallen comrade Wonder Boy. Handsome Ransom 4
writers Raf Green
Yesung actor
director Clark Johnson
guestStars Michael Chandler
director Laura Shepherd
13 1 Return to Spider-Skull Island Dr. Venture finally learns the secret of his recurring womb nightmares when a stomach tumor turns out to be something far more sinister.  In a fit of jealousy over their mistaken belief their father is pregnant, the boys run away from home.  But their newfound freedom is short lived once they run afoul of the law and land themselves in a 'Scared Straight'-style outreach program headed by none other than the recently incarcerated Monarch. 2004-10-30
Alexandra Daddario guestStars
Kristen Connolly actor
2 Murder In-Law A case in which a star attorney daughter transformed her Connecticut relatives' custody battle into a rollercoaster ride of sex, lies and ultimately annihilation 3 2014-12-20
writers Matt Roller
Cleo Reginald Pizana guestStars
1 A hidden image at the burned-out church leads Cohle and Hart to Joel Theriot, a tent-revival minister whose parishioners finger a scarred “tall man” seen with Dora Lange. Brought in for interrogation, a sex offender matching the description is quickly dismissed by Cohle, despite offering a confession. Hart gets sidetracked after Maggie sets Cohle up with a friend at a C&W bar. Looking to establish a pattern of murder, Cohle pores over old case files, finding a connection with a woman assumed to have drowned years earlier. 2014-01-26 The Locked Room 3
guestStars Christopher McCulloch
Philip Ahn guestStars
Abraham Sofaer guestStars
directors Henry Bromell
guestStars Genia Morgan
Larry David writers
writers Laura Eason
The Pretender 7 1961-11-12 3
Jeri Craden writers
2013-11-02 The affair between bored wife Shayne Lovera and her new neighbour, 24-year-old Brett Rae, that turned deadly when she persuaded him to kill her husband Kelly. In 1994, the duo beat the victim with a baseball bat, then moved his body to his Jeep and staged the death as a road traffic accident. However, the lack of skid marks or disturbed gravel soon aroused the suspicions of officers 1 1 Smokey Mountain Murder
Their rotation in robbery is up, Frank and Tim return to the homicide unit. They find that citations are being handed out to the unit and a delighted Gee, whose clearance rate is the highest it has been in five years. Kellerman and Lewis are also scheduled to return. Howard is still on assignment with the fugitive squad. Additions to the unit through rotated assignment include Det. Ballard who actually comes from a Seattle homicide unit, Det. Falsone and Det. Gharty. Falsone and Gharty worked with the unit on the Felton case last spring; however, nothing is mentioned about the status of that case. (Sharp-eyed viewers note that Felton's name is still in red under Pembleton's name on the board.) Meanwhile, Gee attends a black tie function honoring Felix Wilson, a respected member of the community. Because he grew up with them, Gee sits at a table with Felix, his wife and their family. Everyone attending the function at the hotel is kept late because the body of a woman is found dead in t 1 Blood Ties (1) 6 1997-10-17
writers J.D. Smith
writers Christopher McCulloch
Lee Goldberg writers
directors Tom Fontana
Chris Williams guestStars
Pilar Seurat guestStars
2 2015-09-15 Baz Ashmawy and his mother Nancy head to India, where they soar over the Mehrangarh Fort on a zipwire, test their sales skills in one of the country's call centres and visit the famous Temple of Rats. India 3
Jonathan Slavin guestStars
Noreen Kershaw directors
Mike Mauloff guestStars
director Larry Charles
Nurit Koppel guestStars
2019-06-29 15 Episode 15 3
Paul Boocock guestStars
writers Fred Freiberger
Robert B. Weide directors
Elaine Paige guestStars
director Laura Shepherd
Dion Graham guestStars
director Jun Ki Sang
1 1 2017-01-14 The Voice in the Dark When Detective Moo Jin Hyuk's wife is brutally murdered, Kang Kwon Joo, an officer with superior auditory abilities, listens on the other end of the 911 call. Three years later, Jin Hyuk and Kwon Joo find themselves working together.
Mahershala Ali actor
directors David Mandel
Robert B. Weide directors
Rupert Graves actor
Jean Schertler guestStars
director Gene Oswald
1 0 Per waits 2019-03-01
Aleksi Neuvonen guestStars
David Simon writers
Stephen Dorff actor
Michael Pertwee writers
director Paul Walker
actor Shinobu Satouchi
guestStars Ted Ludzik
2 1960-10-31 The Irishmen 5
James Tolkan guestStars
Rhona Raher-Olefsky guestStars
8 Sniper (1) Jay Leno stops by the Waterfront Bar while in town visiting his cousin Mary; Munch and Bayliss don't want to bother him. A new year starts out with a clean board and Brodie begins his work taping with the detectives. A sniper takes the city hostage, threatening to and executing people every 8 hours. The sniper uses Hangman as a way to leave clues for the detectives. Bayliss is the primary and his back is giving him trouble as he worries about surgery his doctor wants him to have. To combat the pain, he keeps taking muscle relaxants. A suspect is found and cornered and he shoots himself before they can take him into custody. Russert gets demoted when Barnfather doesn't like the way she handled the investigation. 4 1996-01-05
1 Conan O'Brien & Andy Richter 2009-11-16 7 Zach sits down with the host of the Tonight Show, Conan O'Brien, and his announcer, Andy Richter.
2009-04-30 'Hosted by Steve Liebmann, this episode of Crime Investigation Australia features detailed re-enactments and interviews with key figures, including the head of the police investigation, local Norfolk Island residents as well as intimate interviews with Janelle Patton’s mother and father. 29-year-old Patton had been stabbed to death in a frenzied attack that had left more than 60 wounds from her head to her feet. She had multiple bruises and broken bones and it was clear she had bravely fought back against a sustained attack. What followed were years of difficult investigations plagued by numerous false leads based mainly on gossip and innuendo.By the time the coroner’s inquiry opened two years later no less than 16 persons of interest had been investigated by the man in charge of the case, Detective Sergeant Bob Peters. The naming of the 16 caused a furore of resentment and distress among the islanders. Eventually a 28-year-old chef named Glenn McNeill who had left the island a few months after the murder to return to his native New Zealand was arrested. But forensic investigators said Janelle’s injuries did not match McNeill’s story. He was later convicted and sentenced to 24 years in prison. The crime was also touted as the subject of a potential telemovie. The Norfolk Island Murder 3 3
writers John Mankiewicz
Kevin Murray guestStars
9 2008-04-28 Dairy Cow Midwife 4 Inside an Indiana dairy farm, Mike learns how to milk a cow and use a blow torch to clean her udders. Then, Mike gets the inside scoop on how to inseminate a cow. Finally, he gets an up-close look at fatherhood as he helps deliver baby calves.
Tuesday Weld guestStars
director John L'Ecuyer
Patricia Cutts guestStars
writers Scott Silveri
writers Sally Wainwright
1 Monty gets a new toy robot and wonders whether it is better to keep it shiny and clean in the box or to have fun playing with it. Purple Zappa 2017-11-02 74
2009-09-14 Isabella Rossellini finds that size does matter in the heirarchy of elephant seals. Harem on the Beach 4 3
0 'Goemon is hired as a bodyguard by Yakuza boss, Makio Inaniwa, who runs a gambling boat and is being threatened by internal factions. At the same time, Lupin attempts to steal the proceeds of the gaming vessel and meets Fujiko who had the same intention. Lupin and Fujiko decide to divide sales proceeds, but suddenly the boat explodes. Goemon heads for the engine-room and encounters the huge and powerful Hawk or ''Bermuda ghost'' with his twin axes who is seeking Lupin. While Goemon is fighting Hawk, Inaniwa dies in the flames, abandoned by his men. To avenge his father, Inaniwa Jr. sends Goemon to kill Hawk. Goemon finds Hawk but is easily beaten, and undertakes a punishing ordeal to understand why he lost. He returns to Inaniwa Jr. to take his punishment, but explodes at his men's insensitivity and brutality, and attacks them, leaving only Inaniwa Jr. standing. Goemon eventually finds Hawk again as he is pursuing Lupin and Daisuke. Goemon intervenes and confronts and defeats Hawk in a final bloody battle. 2017-02-04 The Blood Spray of Goemon Ishikawa, Part 1 3
Timothy Brennen guestStars
Tommy Hollis guestStars
Francis faces annihilation while the nation is in an uproar. Stamper must tie up loose ends. Claire feels the cost of ruthlessness. 2 13 2014-02-14 Chapter 26
Carter Jahncke guestStars
Natalie Camunas guestStars
Suzanne Pleshette guestStars
director Na Young Seok
Nina Hellman guestStars
2 The Reluctant Hero 1961-10-08 3
Lynn Sellers guestStars
writers Nic Pizzolatto
director Tomoyuki Itamura
director Roxann Dawson
Julie Grossberg guestStars
director Bill Purple
Buckley Sampson guestStars
Larry David writers
2012-05-26 David Attenborough's Kingdom of Plants 'Kingdom of Plants 3D is an astonishing 3-part series coming to Sky 3D - and being simulcast on Sky Atlantic HD - in May, and is written and presented by natural history broadcaster and Kew neighbour David Attenborough.Entering the strangely slow world of plant time, Attenborough explores how plants cleverly adapt to the changing seasons, including the explosive drama of seed dispersal and the bursts of colour as they bloom.'One of the most wonderful things about filming plants is that you can reveal hidden aspects of their lives,' said David Attenborough. 'You can capture the moment as one plant strangles another, and as they burst into flower. But whilst time-lapse photography allows you to see things that no human being has ever seen before, the added element of 3D takes the audience even further still.''Stamens extend and burst to reveal their pollen grains in exquisite detail, and we can see close-up the incredible insects that partner up with these plants. The whole experience in 3D is just entrancing, and hypnotically beautiful.'Filmed over the course of a year at the Royal Botanic Gardens in West London, each of the three 50 minute episodes will cover a different area of plant life, from plant survival in wet and humid zones, scent and communication, and the continual adaptation of plants. Ended
guestStars James Urbaniak
writers Courtney Lilly
8 2011-07-24 Palestinian Chicken A Palestinian chicken restaurant is incredibly popular with Larry and his friends despite its open hostility towards Jews and Israel. Meanwhile, Larry's approached to inform people that their habits are agitating by family members too scared to do so. 3
Kenneth Fink directors
1 5 1967-06-23
2 11 2017-08-29 Episode 11
'For 18 years Kim In Sook has been ignored and never regarded as sister-in-law by her husband’s brother and sisters. She’s been isolated by everybody in her husband family and she lived like an invisible person. The thing got worse when her husband died in a helicopter crash. Since then, her mother-in-law tried to turn her into an interdicted person and deprived her of her guardianship of her son. Then Han Ji Hoon, who has a relationship with her mysterious past appeared as the lawyer of JK clan. And he witnessed her miserable situation. Then he decides to help her and resets his goal of life. That is, to turn In Sook, a woman who has been treated as rubbish into a Queen. Ji Hoon leads a double life in JK clan, and makes arduous effort for the goal of saving In Sook. Accidentally he finds that his feelings toward In Sook is more than gratitude and pity. She has become the only woman who makes his heart beating faster at her sight. It’s just an untutored feeling. And he could abandon it just for the sake of In Sook. The story of Kim In Sook's battle against all odds to rise to the top of JK Group with the help of the lawyer Han Ji Hoon, a man who has supported her since they were children. 2011-03-02 Royal Family Ended
Bruce Spence actor
1 1 1963-06-06
Philip Ahn guestStars
2 1999-01-24 Episode 3 With flies buzzing round the boot of his car, John is finding it harder to hide his wife's murder from her flirtatious sister. Danny is trying to be a responsible father, but he also wants some fun. Bernie is still troubled by her conscience. Dr Kilbride is called to school to treat a pupil where her former lesbian lover Jo Jo is the new teacher. 3
2015-12-20 Shinobu Mail - Part 6 12 4 As Koyomi prepares for his duel, he learns of the crisis that Hanekawa is facing and must decide what battle he should fight.
director Daniel Kontur
writers James Yoshimura
director Peter Medak
writers Anya Epstein
director David Mandel
director Larry Williams
actor Larry Pine
Peter Mensah guestStars
Rose Portillo guestStars
1 1960-05-09 30 Whip Fight
Peter Maas guestStars
A gas leak causes the detectives to evacuate the building, so they relocate to an old bank building. Lewis is paired up with Kellerman on the murder of a woman. Sergeant Howard tries to carve out a place for herself with the other detectives, but her efforts prove unpopular. Pembleton has trouble adjusting to the new surroundings and his wife's pregnancy. A cameraman who was at the scene of the murder has who he thinks is the perpetrator on tape; however, when he brings the tape to Gee, he is thrown out before he can say why he's there. The cameraman eventually strikes a deal with Lewis and Kellerman. Autofocus 1995-11-03 4 3
Paul Dooley guestStars
The First Lady The series starred Thora Hird as crusading local councillor Sarah Danby and was set around the fictional borough of Furness in Lancashire. Capitalising on the popularity of its lead actress, The First Lady was a down-to-earth series exploring the inner workings of local government. 1968-04-01 Ended
Robert Clohessy guestStars
Teresa Payne-Rohan guestStars
Herbert Marshall guestStars
'In exchange for her help, Gaen requests three tasks from Koyomi, all being connected to Suruga Kanbaru, formerly known as Suruga Gaen. Izuko reveals herself as her aunt, but she doesn't want to be introduced to her as one, because she cares for Suruga's feelings. When Koyomi accepts, she shows the darkness' true motive - it is after apparitions not behaving like they should, and this time it isn't after Shinobu, but Mayoi. She exposes Mayoi as a ''ghost of a ghost'', who should have passed on on Mother's Day, when she finally found her way home; she also stopped leading people astray, neglecting her duty as a lost cow. After Gaen leaves, Mayoi realizes she has to pass on, rather than be eaten by the darkness, and thus she bids Koyomi farewell by kissing him and telling that she loved him. Four months later, Koyomi tells the story of the incident to only one person - Ougi Oshino. On his way home, he realizes he never told Mayoi one thing he should have said - goodbye.  Shinobu Time - Part 4 17 2013-11-17 3
Heather Simms guestStars
Kevin G. Schmidt guestStars
George Plimpton guestStars
Larry David writers
Wendell Neal Jr. guestStars
Vicki Lewis guestStars
Larry seeks professional help to secure information about his past. Meanwhile, his place as a gay rights supporter hits a snag. 2 2005-10-02 5 The Bowtie
writers Henry Bromell
Troy Paff guestStars
2 2 The Flight Of Prosperity Two dangerous criminals have escaped from jail, Sally Blade and Bodycount. Both sisters worked for Black Jack. Meanwhile, a high technology ship named the Prosperity annouces it's flight. The ships was made for celebrities. The two criminals learn that Mona was one of the celebrites. When Mona is home from Ace's magic trick, the two blackmail, they demand her to help them steal Ace's anti-metal detector sensor so they can take the Prosperity hostage or Black Jack gets hurt. Mona agrees to help for her father's sake, the three goes to the Magic Express and Sally knocks Ace cold and the three takes off. The next day, Mona uses the anti-metal device sensor so she can sneak in a gun. When she gets to the ship, she holds the captain at gunpoint, demanding to take off the protective field. The two criminals take the ship hostage. Vega tries to stop them but gets beaten unconscious. Ace learns he can't page through his friend due to the high securtiy level. Ace also learns that the ship has a
1 'This episode revisits Adelaide’s notorious Adelaide Family Murders case, where six young Adelaide men were murdered during the 1970’s and 80’s. The victims were found in random locations throughout the state, their bodies neatly cut into pieces. Although each attack and mutilation appeared different, police investigators soon began to link the horrific murders to one another. Media frenzy ripped through Australia when the similarities to each killing became public knowledge.Media speculated that the murders involved a group of high profile Adelaide men including politicians, religious leaders and judges who allegedly paid young men for sex and then drugged and used them for pleasure. The media dubbed the group The Family and from then on the case was referred to as the Adelaide Family Murders.  16 2005-08-01 The Butchered Boys
2 2014-02-14 1 The Underwoods tackle two threats that could bring their plans to ruin. Francis grooms his replacement as Whip. Claire goes on the offensive. Chapter 14
directors Jorge Zamacona
2 8 2018-04-27 Episode 8
guestStars Kelvin Han Yee
2 2014-02-14 The war with Tusk intensifies. Claire influences Tricia Walker politically and domestically. Francis has a show-down with Linda Vasquez. Chapter 21 8
writers James Yoshimura
writers Doc Hammer
Dan Moran guestStars
Marin Hinkle guestStars
9 1 2005-10-11 Mike visits the San Francisco Zoo and learns what it's like to be a zookeeper, essentially feeding the animals and collecting their poo.Mike then goes to Vermont to a haunted cheese making factory and learns not only how to make cheese, but the art of patience.Finally, Mike learns how to be a volcano ash mud bath mixer (spa technician) in Calistoga, CA and takes a mud bath after a very dirty day. That's not all - Mike also journeys to a live volcano in Hawaii and gets up close and personal with some very hot lava. Cheese Maker
writers Jonathan Harvey
Bruno Gioiello guestStars
director Bruce Paltrow
Shawn Michelle Cosby guestStars
H. Jon Benjamin guestStars
Marilyn Maxwell guestStars
Doc Hammer guestStars
writers George W. McGreevey
guestStars Michael Ornstein
2012-04-04 1 A Master Thief vs. A Female Master Thief 1 Tells the story of how Fujiko Mine first met Ars?ne Lupin III. Fujiko is on a mission to infiltrate a drug operation, which is not helped by the arrival of master thief Lupin.
Marin Hinkle guestStars
1 Darken Rahl captures Richard's sister Jennsen and poisons her mind against her brother. Meanwhile, Richard, Kahlan, and Zedd aid villagers after Rahl unleashes a plague on them. 21 2009-05-16 Fever
2016-02-05 The cheerful members meet a fierce snow storm on their road to Reykjavik. The harsh weather condition delays their journey for a while but it does not stop them from moving forward. Once they reach Reykjavik, Sang Hun has to return early to Korea for his work, so they decide to throw a small good-bye party for him. For the last part of the journey, they split up and spend time individually to visit places of their own interest. End of the Journey 6 3
Richard Belzer actor
director Bryan Gordon
1 10 Twin Brothers 1999-05-01 Strange was happing to Ace Cooper has some troubles, from Paparazzo's throw-a-pie-on-Ace's-face to Vega upset Ace Cooper doing unappreticed stuff at the DNA Club. The biggest surprise was when Ace childhood frine Mona was with an other man. When the man reveal his idenity, it was man who looks just like Ace Cooper! The fake Ace threw a poison dart at him and trouble was just getting started. The fake Ace pretended to be the real Ace and started ruining Ace's life. Mona realizes what's going on and knows who's the real Ace. When she founds out that the doctor told Ace is poisoned, Ace gets cured. But now Ace vs. Ace? Will the real Ace stop fake Ace before time runs out?
Anya Adams directors
director Wolfgang Becker
directors Bill Duke
directors Ed Bianchi
Robert Tyree guestStars
2 'Lupin and Jigen have their sights set on a treasure worth stealing called the Little Comet which is located in the country of East Doroa. The country has fortified its border after a singer named Queen Malta got assassinated in the neighboring country of West Doroa upon visit.Despite the two countries being enemies, Lupin and Jigen still plan to steal the treasure. During the heist, Jigen almost got killed by a skilled sniper named Yael Okuzaki. His specialty is preparing tombstones for his targets before executing his kills. Its said that no one has survived after Yael makes a grave for that target. 0 Daisuke Jigen's Gravestone, Part 2 2014-06-21
directors Ben Lewin
Gene Levitt writers
Alan Napier guestStars
Jonathan Slavin guestStars
Claire bypasses Russia at the U.N. Frank tries to outmaneuver a potential challenger and ends up face to face with a higher power. 2015-02-27 Chapter 30 4 3
2 1 Episode 2 Despite Danny's efforts, three schoolgirls have drowned in the lake and the angry villagers make him the scapegoat. 1997-09-21
directors Michael Hurst
After a hurried departure from the cram school ruins, Koyomi and Suruga head toward the meeting place, only to encounter some difficulty along the way. 8 2015-11-22 Shinobu Mail - Part 2 4
Robert Bornarth guestStars
Shelley Desai guestStars
directors Jean de Segonzac
guestStars Glenn Fleshler
George Mathews guestStars
2015-07-06 Wu Xin: The Monster Killer Despite his immortality, Wu Xin has no idea how long he’s lived, much less who he is, and is condemned to wander the earth purposeless and penniless. In an act of kindness, Yue Ya shares her last morsel of food with the starving immortal, who returns the favor with a peculiar form of gratitude: killing monsters. Thus begins a bizarre adventure of paying it forward - one slaying at a time.  Ended
Sanjeev Bhaskar actor
Alec Berg writers
guestStars Michelle Richard
guestStars Barry Gordon
Dana Ivey guestStars
2 The Phantom Limb and Dr. Girlfriend agree to a civil double date with The Monarch and some girl he met on the internet in order to discuss The Monarch's official re-entry into the Guild of Calamitous Intent.  Doc and Brock become the unwitting pawns in a low-grade pissing contest when Phantom Limb's sics the Guild's commandos on the Venture compound to prove his dominance.  Can Brock hold off an army?  Can Doc escape death and finish watching the worst porno ever? 6 Victor. Echo. November. 2006-08-13
director Tim Hunter
director Robert Aldrich
1 1 Hand Walk ~ Quick Muscle ~ Daruma 7 2008-02-03
Brad Rowe guestStars
guestStars Dort Clarke
Kevin Beeken guestStars
1 The Society Party The Kingfish and Andy try to get their ladies to wear the same fur coat at the same time, to the same party. 37
2 23 Episode 23 2017-09-14
Thea Mann guestStars
Beau Willimon writers
writers Kenneth Biller
Derek Jacobi actor
director Lauren Greenfield
Paul Giamatti guestStars
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
actor Ned Beatty
Ray Chang guestStars
writers Doc Hammer
1 23 1999-07-30 At the police headquarters, two officers bring in a new prisoner and everyone at the jailhouse is curious. The prisoner turn out to be Faceless and the two officers were Spade and Diamond. Their plan is to break out only a select bunch of prisoners that Ace put behind the bars and get them to work with Black Jack to put an end on Ace Cooper. Sonny Boy and his gang are invited to join the crime alliance since they all agree Ace must be killed. The next day, Ace puts on his show but gets ambushed by three villians: Yago, the fire magician; Dr. Blaun, a mad scientist; and Count Hebon. Faceless joins in wounded Ace's right arm. Cosmo calls for Vega and the police but Mr. Glam sends his robot to block the police. Ace manages to slip away on him Magic Bike but then gets shot by Sonny Boy's team. This could the end of Ace Cooper... All Against One
Amos Crawley guestStars
Robert Bockstael guestStars
Kari Matchett guestStars
directors Tomoyuki Itamura
Toufuyashi writers
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Saul Rubinek guestStars
Sanjeev Bhaskar writers
directors Christine Gernon
Larry David writers
Ellia English guestStars
directors James Yoshimura
writers Trish Soodik
writers matt Roller
Misty Monroe guestStars
B?rd Ylvis?ker actor
2019-02-10 6 Hunters in the Dark Wayne and Roland revisit discrepancies in the Purcell case that were hidden or forgotten over the years. Among those being reevaluated is Tom Purcell, as well as Lucy Purcell’s cousin, Dan O’Brien. The glitter of Amelia’s book release is tarnished by a voice from the past. 3
Larry David writers
Paul Boocock guestStars
2 Texas n Texas, Baz encourages Nancy to drive a monster truck and swing through the air on a 183ft-high sky-coaster. They end their trip on a working cattle ranch but not before each discovers how much the other has to hide during a lie-detector test. 2015-09-29 5
guestStars Amelia Campbell
directors Jeremy Saulnier
2015-01-12 Continuing 'Five women, whose biggest challenge so far has been surviving their daily hour-long luxus shopping tours burning up their husband’s credit cards, are taken by complete surprise when suddenly one of them is divorced by her husband and thrown out of the house.Instantly the remaining BFFs realize that the same could happen to them - and their survival instinct awakens. How convenient that their husbands – all businessmen with a quite strong inclination towards corruption – are planning a big deal using their ignorant wives. What the men don’t know is that their wives are setting out to turn the tables. Never would they have suspected that they have unleashed a bunch of beautiful beasts… Suburbia - Women on the Edge
1 2009-09-18 11 'After school Koyomi finds Nadeko and they talk about how Shinobu looked at her and Suruga with a different gaze than Koyomi and Oshino. Tsubasa appears and Nadeko leaves abruptly, Koyomi and Tsubasa talk about how Koyomi has become a bad influence to Hitagi in school. Tsubasa gets a headache and Koyomi flashbacks into what happened in Golden Week, Tsubasa turned into a white ''cat-woman'' and attacked people by absorbing their vitality. Oshino reveals the problem is because of a huge amount of stress built up over the years. Koyomi acts as bait to attract the cat and Shinobu bites her draining her energy until she turns back into Tsubasa.  Tsubasa Cat - Part 1
Feeling Ambushed 2017-08-22 16 Mary Jane and Justin's relationship is tested when their notoriety on social media leads to discoveries about Justin's past. Kara makes her own discovery about the girlfriend of one of Orlando's teammates. 4
director Jorge Zamacona
guestStars Dan O'Herlihy
writers Julie Martin
directors ?????????
1999-03-27 1 Electro City's most popular Celebrities including Ace Cooper and Mona Malone, are enjoying the cruise of Nova when it suddenly hits something and starts sinking. Mona falls over but Ace saves her with his cape. He stays on the ship and rescues a child from being crushed before he falls into the water. He then emerges alongside with Cosmo and Mona on their lifeboat. The next day, Ace is upset about not using his magic during the sinking so he checks out the wreck before the official investigation began. He goes scuba diving and discovers a large hole in the hull of the ship but almost lost his life confronting some large robots. Ace survives the ordeal and then goes with Cosmo to police headquarters to explain the situation to Vega. While there, they see Mr. Wolfe, curator of the Metropolitan Museum, who tells them about solid gold Mayan statues being a part of the Nova's cargo. Ace and Cosmo returns to the sunken ship. But they saw no Mayan statues. Learning from which direction the ro The Cruise 5
1 2009-03-07 Hartland When Chase escapes a D'Harens labor camp, he finds Richard and Kahlan and tells them about the Gar invasion problems with the boundary open.  The three return to Hartland but find that it is no longer the same place that Richard grew up in. 14
guestStars Anne Haney
6 1965-11-02 3
director Ross Ashcroft
directors Charles McDougall
Michael Whaley writers
A man returns to his Texas home with his mind set on accomplishing two things, he wants to avenge his brother's death and also settle an old feud. 1 1956-10-19 The Long Road Home 3
guestStars Gabriel Casseus
Louis Nye guestStars
Lenny Moore guestStars
Joseph Abramo guestStars
David Schurmann actor
directors Tomoyuki Itamura
Dana Gourrier guestStars
Jim Klock guestStars
Shea Whigham guestStars
Koyomi Seed 0 30 2016-03-12
Antoinette Frank and Ronnie Williams join the New Orleans Police Department in the early 1990s. Meager starting salaries prompt both idealistic officers to moonlight. Soon temptation and greed leads one cop down a dark and deadly path to murder. 2016-02-27 7 Badge of Blood 3
writers Sally Wainwright
Larry David writers
Linda Cavell guestStars
2 1 2008-05-05 Isabella Rossellini explores the mating habits of dragonflies. Dragonfly
actor Karlheinz Hackl
Diane Alan Craig guestStars
Elizabeth Storm guestStars
writers Susan Sisko
2 2006-06-25 1 The premiere episode finds Team Venture and friends struggling to pick up the pieces of their shattered lives and move on in the wake of Hank and Dean's violent and untimely deaths.  While Doc searches for his soul in the far corners of the globe, Dr. Orpheus wallows in guilt, and a mullet-less Brock repairs his beloved Charger, The Monarch plots a daring prison break with the help of his fellow supervillainous inmates. Powerless in the Face of Death
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
guestStars Stacy Harris
director Garth Maxwell
guestStars Jane Carr
director Tom Greiss
Special Guest: Anna Kontula 24 0 2013-10-16
director Tom Fontana
director Nick Wood
0 54 Troublemaking duo Andy Bichlbaum and Mike Bonanno, posing as their industrious alter-egos, expose the people profiting from Hurricane Katrina, the faces behind the environmental disaster in Bhopal, and other shocking events. 2014-09-03 The Yes Men Fix The World
0 2006-01-03 'Revisit of dirtiest jobs: disaster cleanup crew member (''Sewer Inspector''), septic tank technician (''Worm Dung Farmer''), sewer inspector (''Sewer Inspector''), sludge recycler (''Sludge Cleaner''), fish gutter (''Bat Cave Scavenger''), charcoal maker (''Micro-Algae Man'')  5 Super Dirty
Bill Kennedy writers
writers Alvin Sapinsley
guestStars Bruno Kirby
After having her hand healed, Suruga has many questions for her former classmate Rouka. She was unable to contact her, however a meeting with Keiki Deshu, who seems to have survived the attack from the previous season, answers some questions of hers. 0 11 2014-08-16 Suruga Devil - Part 2
1 When Jimmy Jones falls asleep doing some cloud-gazing, Monty wonders what animals dream about. 29 Piggy Dreamer 2016-09-15
Alex Poch-Goldin guestStars
directors Jay Chandrasekhar
2016-03-21 8 6 The Guild decide to team up with O.S.I. and eliminate a common threat using Dr. Venture as bait. Red Means Stop
David Steinberg director
directors Na Young Seok
1 11 The brief but dazzling genius of Percy Shelley, John Keats, and Lord Byron. Featured performers: Peggy Ashcroft, Nicholas Gecks, and Ian Richardson. Younger Romantics, 1800-1824 1984-11-04
guestStars Doug Roberts
Graham Gordy writers
2019-01-27 Hays and West see a possible connection between the local church and the Purcell crimes. As the detectives search for one suspect and round up another one for interrogation, Woodard finds himself targeted by a vigilante group. The Hour and the Day 4 3
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
writers Tom Fontana
guestStars Christopher McCulloch
Frank John Hughes guestStars
Jeffrey Donovan guestStars
6 5
1 2015-07-27 7 Episode 7
2 Laos - Part 4 2014-10-03 4
The Huxtables Have Fallen 1 Patrick learns of Mary Jane's affair with Andre. To help her sort through her dilemma, Patrick takes her to visit their voice of reasoning Aunt Toni. She is once again conflicted about her feelings for Andre and decides to once and for all give him an answer in regards to his marriage proposal. Meanwhile, a former business partner declines further partnership with Patrick, resulting in damaging affects to Patrick's sobriety. 2014-01-21 3
directors Alan Taylor
Dr. Venture is possessed by an entity that attempts to make him commit suicide, and Dr. Orpheus tries to save him.  Assisted Suicide 2010-10-17 4 14
writers Chuck Lorre
1 A Way Out 26 2019-06-15 Nam Ok, Majar, and Jung Im listen in on Murai's telephone calls in a room next to his and find out that Madam Yu is holding information. With the Jongno Police one step behind, Won Bong and Nam Ok get to it before they do. Meanwhile, Hiroshi arrests his wife Hyun Ok for leaking information.
directors Larry Williams
Danny Chun writers
director Cherie Nolan
writers Emily Ballou
guestStars Bethel Leslie
guestStars Candy Ford
Robert B. Weide guestStars
Michael Fields directors
Paul Boocock actor
HBO Films presents this five-part mini-series in association with the BBC. This thriller tracks the five intense days following an abduction of a young mother in the suburbs of England. It originally aired on the BBC. Five Days 2007-01-23 Ended
directors Bill Purple
directors James B. Clark
2002-10-13 A rumored threat of a terrorist attack undermines a benefit performance by Alanis Morissette at the home of one of Larry's friends. Meanwhile, Larry can't help snubbing Mindy Reiser, wife of actor Paul Reiser, during a series of encounters at a restaurant and the perfume shop where she works. 5 The Terrorist Attack 3
director Tom Fontana
2013-11-13 Presenting document Koyaanisqatsi 35 0
director Mitchell Leisen
Lee Bonner directors
Arcade Fire guestStars
directors Ronald Weyman
R.D. Reid actor
Patsy Grady Abrams guestStars
Will Hathaway guestStars
directors Christine Gernon
0 Koyomi Tree 2016-02-13 26
Jackson Beals guestStars
2 9 Tsukihi Phoenix - Part 2 2012-03-04 Koyomi sets for Suruga's house to introduce Karen to her as he promised. On their way they meet a woman introducing herself as Yozuru Kagenui, asking for directions. Koyomi asks for Tsubasa's help on his phone and learns from her that she is asking for the location of the same building Oshino was living with Shinobu. Before leaving, Yozuru asks Koyomi to give the same information to a certain girl when he meets her, and Karen states that despite Yozuru's strange behavior, she had the look and feel of being a fighter much stronger than her. After leaving Karen at Suruga's, Koyomi meets Mayoi upon returning home and they are approached by a girl introducing herself as Yotsugi Ononoki, asking for the same directions, just like Yozuru had predicted, and much to his surprise Koyomi finds that not only Yotsugi can see Mayoi, but both Yotsugi and Yozuru know about his and his friends' circumstances.
guestStars Victor L. Williams
Lance Lewman guestStars
Larry David writers
Steffi Reinsperger actor
writers Carrie Rosen
Garrett Kruithof guestStars
actor Margaret Avery
director Kari Skogland
Making True Detective HBO's making of True Detective, a crime drama centered around two Louisiana State PD detectives, and their 17-year hunt for a ritual killer, starring Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson. 1 0 2014-01-07
David Schurmann guestStars
guestStars Patton Oswalt
director James Foley
Sanjeev Bhaskar writers
19 2013-10-02 0 Exit Through the Gift Shop
writers Tom Fontana
2 2014-10-08 About Hypocrisy 6
1999-12-01 1 0 Larry David: Curb Your Enthusiasm Assisted by director Robert B. Weide, this funny display could not have been staged better by Gary Shandling and company. In addition, the hour seamlessly intercuts apparently straight (interview) comments about David. A classic
2007-11-06 Mike rolls up his sleeves and gets dirty in order to help create an artificial underwater reef. It's a dirty job that is helping to revitalize fish and coral populations in areas that have been devastated by pollution. Reef Ball Maker 16 3
1 9 2004-10-02 The Monarch finally has the Venture family right where he wants them- hanging upside down above the Amazon river! But his victory is postponed when Dean suffers a strange but fairly common injury- acute testicular tortion. According to the bylaws of the Guild of Calamitous Intent, a temporary truce must be called in order to get Dean medical attention, so Brock and Hank are held as collateral. Doc calls on his friends, Master Billy Quizboy and Mr. White, to perform orchiopexy on Dean. Are You There, God? It's me, Dean.
12 Chapter 64 2017-05-30 Frank attempts to stop Cathy from testifying. With Hammerschmidt sniffing out the truth, the Underwoods throw someone close to them under the bus. 5
60 2014-09-17 The Ambassador 0
Calen Camero Johnson guestStars
director Richard Pearce
Jacqueline Scott guestStars
writers William Simpson
Jasper P??kk?nen guestStars
director Dan Holden
Jeff Richards guestStars
1 1 Eccentric millionaire Rachel Bruner arrives at Wolfe's doorstep with an extraordinary offer, a disturbing story of harassment, and an FBI tail. Only after Wolfe takes the case does a murder comes to light. As the story unfolds, however, it becomes clear that the Bureau is not guilty - in this case, anyway - and their reluctant cooperation is essential to capturing a killer. 2001-04-22 The Doorbell Rang (1)
director J?rgen Goslar
1 6 Metaphysical & Devotional, 1590-1670 Poems of carnal and spiritual love by John Donne, George Herbert, and Andrew Marvell. Featured performers: Peggy Ashcroft and Julian Glover. 1984-06-06
writers David Rupel
directors ????
writers Scott Lasser
1 20 Episode 20 2015-09-08
Larry David writers
Carlos Antonio guestStars
2 1 2015-07-07 Episode 2
writers Kenneth Lin
Mikayla Gaspar guestStars
actor Layton Williams
writers Kim Thompson
Sharon Elizabeth Doyle writers
24 1 While trying to extract Eastern Daily's Shanghai correspondent Shin Eon Jun from Geumseong Hotel, Won Bong runs into Fukuda at the lobby. However, as Won Bong leaves the hotel, Matsuura gives chase. Later, Murai suddenly appears at Hiroshi's residence. Lee Bong Chang 2019-06-15
directors Garth Maxwell
9 2019-06-08 Is Your Life All Right? While searching through the area,the perpetrator makes Kang Woo turn and attack Kwon Joo. She confirms that Kang Woo is unstable and asks him to turn his gun and police badge in. The Dispatch Team find the dead bodies of Fujiyama and his henchman. Kang Woo suspects there is someone else who controlled Fujiyama and believes this case is far from over. (Source: Viu) 3
Thomas Mills guestStars
Robert Bockstael guestStars
Glenn Fitzgerald guestStars
1 10 Malibooboo
2 5 1964-12-17
Caron Tate guestStars
Patrick Kerr guestStars
guestStars James Urbaniak
2 The Massage 10 2001-11-25 Cheryl's psychic busts Larry for a naughty massage, and a restaurant owner busts Larry for stealing forks.
Markku Wilenius guestStars
director Neasa Hardiman
director Daniel Attias
2015-01-19 0 Join the Ventures--and pretty much everyone they've ever crossed paths with--as they rocket to the Gargantua-2 space station for an epic, hour-long adventure that will change the Ventureverse as we know it forever. 5 All This and Gargantua-2
writers ?? ?
writers Chad Fiveash
Robert B. Weide directors
director Timothy Hutton
directors Tim Hunter
guestStars Kevin Thigpen
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
David Steinberg director
When Anne Trenois meets Danny Bowen, he seems to have it all together, but ten years later Danny seems unable to hold down a job and Anne has had enough. The hostile divorce quickly spirals into a violent custody battle, which soon turns deadly. 2016-02-06 Stabbed in the Back 5 3
13 2016-03-04 As the hostage situation continues, Claire secretly negotiates with Yusuf al Ahmadi. Frank confronts Hammerschmidt. Chapter 52 4
guestStars Patricia Owens
1 12 The Pharmacy 2019-05-18 Ishida, the chief surgeon, finds poison in the bottle Hiroshi and the late hospital director shared and questions him about it. Hiroshi admits to it but confidently reminds him of his background. Meanwhile, Won Bong returns to Gyeongseong with a plan after meeting Kim Gu in Shanghai, and Young Jin starts to work at Joseon Government General Hospital.
Bradley Cooper 1 2009-05-26 'Zach chats with Bradley Cooper, star of ''The Hangover.'' 5
Lisa Vidal actor
writers Arnold Belgard
Amanda Mealing actor
Jon Hamm guestStars
director Mads Br?gger
Jimmy Jones grows jealous when Monty brings home the class guinea pig for the weekend, leading them to wonder if being best friends means that you can't have other friends too. 1 1 2016-06-20 Animal Pals
Sam Carson guestStars
writers Robert Mintz
Ted and Mary 2 1 2000-10-22 Larry goes shopping with Mary Steenburgen and her mother, but things take a turn when Larry takes a drink out of Mary's mother's glass of water. When he realizes who's water it is, he stops...then gags!
Peter Coe guestStars
directors Takeshi Koike
1 Dr. Venture is offered a job by theme park owner and cartoon magnate Roy Brisby, who won't take no for an answer in his quest for worldwide entertainment dominance. Meanwhile, the boys are given the Patty Hearst treatment by the Orange County Liberation Front, a group of militant suburbanites who want to take down Brisby's empire Brock enlists the aid of former lover and fellow superspy Molotov Cocktease to 'mount' a rescue, but she may have her own agenda. 2004-08-28 The Incredible Mr. Brisby 4
Maggie Baird guestStars
William Mesnik guestStars
writers Nic Pizzolatto
Presenting document Return to Homs 2014-09-10 0 55
Tucker Gates directors
Nina Proll actor
directors James Tolkan
Bat Cave Scavenger 2003-11-07 0 19 'Mike enters a bat cave in Texas in search of guano (bat excrement) to collect with a bat biologist.  Later he helps to rehabilitate bats at a ''bat hospital.''  Mike then goes in search of mud used to give grip to baseballs in the major leagues.  Finally, Mike tries his hand at filleting fish and takes part in the many stages of seafood production.
writers James Yoshimura
Al Thompson guestStars
Scott Wesley Morgan guestStars
Del Moore guestStars
2 Immune to Murder 16 2002-08-18 Nero is asked to cook his famous baked trout for an oilman and an Eastern European ambassador. But when Archie finds a body in the trout stream, Wolfe must solve the murder first.
director Barbara Kopple
2 Bert Elston is a former Navy man who plans to marry and settle down on a South Sea Island plantation. But Elston's dreams of domestic bliss are suddenly disturbed by memories of naval combat - Captain William Brooks, his wartime commancer appears on the scene. 33 Command at Sea 1961-06-05
Robert Wagonhurst guestStars
2 In Texas, Baz encourages Nancy to drive a monster truck and swing through the air on a 183ft-high sky-coaster. They end their trip on a working cattle ranch but not before each discovers how much the other has to hide during a lie-detector test. 6 Japan 2015-10-06
Diener Kellerman assures Lewis that he is seeking some professional advice; he also takes some time off. Lewis is assigned to work with Pembleton and neither is happy with the situation. Together they investigate the murder of a wealthy woman. They suspect the brother may have had a touch of sibling rivalry. Meanwhile, the brother insists that the police have stolen his sister's diamond ring. Mary tells Frank that she thinks they need to talk to a marriage counselor. Cox investigates whether the missing diamond ring might have been taken by one of her staff. She gets Brodie to help her add some video surveillance to the morgue. Mary asks Tim to be Frank's partner again. 5 1997-01-31 14
guestStars Raymond Bailey
1 2017-02-04 Ringing from the Darkness - The Secret of the Chocolate Box (2) The clock is rapidly ticking for Kwon Joo as her captors prepare to bury her alive. Meanwhile, Eun Byul's own life is in danger as she's hidden in a location unknown to the police. 5
1 16 Episode 16 2015-08-25
12 Hank opens a detective agency and enters a dark world of sinister crime and shady women.  Everybody Comes to Hank's 2010-10-03 4
Nick Alvarez guestStars
actor Aidan McArdle
Robert B. Weide director
Michael Jaffe writers
guestStars Brad Abrell
network NBC
writers Herbert Reinecker
Robin Williams guestStars
directors Myles Connell
6 6 Chapter 71 2018-11-02 Claire makes staff changes. The Shepherds try to recruit Doug to their side. With Mark facing intense scrutiny, Jane offers advice.
directors Justus Addiss
9 1 Franti?ek jde na n?v?t?vu k Butteauov?m, Betty se mu sna?? zal?bit, Franti?ek v?ak jejich komedii – ve kter? figuruje i Paula – prohl?dne. Pak jdou v?ichni do divadla a po p?edstaven? Franti?ek odch?z? s Th?mem. Dal?? den jde Franti?ek do Krameriova knihkupectv? – zde se setk?v? s p?terem Vrbou a Vav?kem. Vybere si i klav?r a vrac? se do Dobru?ky. Klav?r
Fuyashi T? writers
2 Creator 2010-03-27 Richard, Kahlan and Zedd's life is put at risk when they meet a young and powerful woman named Maia who claims to be the Creator and it becomes crucial to uncover her true identity before Maia can destroy them all. 15
Shelly Manne guestStars
writers Lee Warburton
Alexis Patton guestStars
2 2009-11-28 Touched 4 Kahlan and Richard set out to rescue a mysterious girl, the only other living Confessor, and try to prevent her from unleashing the power she possesses.
Masasa guestStars
directors Felix Feist
director Michael Hurst
Laura Shepherd directors
1 As gas continues to leak from the bus, the chance of an explosion heightens. Jin Hyuk must face the undeniable truth about Dae Shik. For the Last Golden Time (1) 15 2017-03-11
Mike takes a look back at some of his former coworkers who should be role models for the green movement. 23 0 2008-12-16 Brown Before Green 2
13 1 2008-02-03 Bamboo Derby ~ Seesaw 60
director Tom Cherones
At the convention, Frank and his team publicly push for Catherine Durant to be chosen as his running mate, but privately pursue a different agenda. 9 2016-03-04 4 Chapter 48
Danny Chun writers
David Simon writers
19 Colors 1995-04-28 Tim's cousin shoots a Turkish exchange student and his partnership with Pembleton may be in jeopardy when they both stand on opposite sides of the case. Lewis hires his grandmother to cook at the bar. 3
guestStars Brian T. O'Connor
writers John Mankiewicz
director Kathryn Bigelow
director ????
director Felix Feist
Joanna Barnes guestStars
director James Yoshimura
guestStars Dina Napoli
guestStars Marika Carlsson
Alex Dunand guestStars
Rondi Reed guestStars
1 1 2005-07-26 Garbage collector/recycling separator, shark catcher/tagger, car recycling  Chinatown Garbage Collector
Robert Cesario guestStars
2017-03-10 Continuing Taskmaster (SE)
1 The Greenough Family Massacre 12 'The small hamlet of Greenough, near Geraldton, in Western Australia, some 400 kilometres north of Perth, will forever be associated with one the most horrific murders in Australian criminal history.In 1993, Karen MacKenzie and her three small children were violently murdered at their isolated house. The brutal and random nature of the attack was eerily similar to ''In Cold Blood'', Truman Capote's world-famous study of a family murder in an isolated house in America.When the Greenough killer was finally tracked down, charged and convicted, much of the evidence was too horrific to be made public. 2005-08-01
director Christine Gernon
'Toward the end of the 19th century, Allen Walker officially joins the organization of Exorcists that destroy the beings known as Akuma; mechanic weapons made by the Millennium Earl with the suffering souls of the dead. Allen has both a cursed eye and an anti-Akuma weapon as an arm, bearing the power of ''Innocence,'' a gift given to him as an apostle of God. Allen, along with his fellow Exorcists must put a stop to the Millennium Earl's ultimate plot that could lead to the destruction of the world and all who live on it. 2006-10-03 D.Gray-man Ended
Larry David writers
guestStars Christopher McCulloch
John Waters guestStars
writers Nic Pizzolatto
writers J.D. Smith
2 0 Book Singing
Sharon Elizabeth Doyle writers
actor Billy West
2002-06-16 2 The gangster Dazy Perrit wants to keep his daughter's identity a secret so he hires a stand in to pose as her. But when the stand in blackmails him, he turns to Wolfe and Archie for help. 11 Before I Die
writers Stephen Tolkin
James Franco guestStars
2 1961-05-01 28 Wild Mangoes
Chris Eigeman guestStars
Jeremy Kramer guestStars
9 5 Control 'Pembleton waits with anticipation for the phone to ring. It does and with Bayliss as the primary, they proceed to investigate the triple murder of a divorced woman and her children. Kellerman asks Brodie not to return to the boat. Lewis and Munch get a homicide that they can track back to Luther Mahoney. Bayliss and Pembleton disagree on who the primary suspect is in the murder. Mahoney's nephew wants to remain ''''monogamous'''' in implicating his uncle. Kellerman gets his summons to appear before the grand jury. Frank and Tim must work out the finer points of working in the box together again. Mahoney's hand reaches out from jail and silences his nephew; the case is a bust. Lewis lays down the law to Luther Mahoney in the Waterfront Bar. Cox finds Kellerman and his predicament intriguing and offers him some company, the night of his summons. 1996-12-06
guestStars Ben Cooper
Nitin Sawhney guestStars
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
2005-11-13 7 Cheryl puts on a Passover Seder, which Larry promptly finds numerous ways to ruin. The Seder 5
2016-12-14 1 Maya surprises everyone by embracing a newfound holiday spirit, but her view is put to the test when the family van is stolen along with all their holiday gifts. Ray joins the choir and gets a coveted solo. But when an attractive new teacher is hired, JJ decides to join his brother and takes Ray's solo. 10 C-H-O-CHOIR
director Na Young Seok
2 In the first of a two-part story, the badly burned body of a disabled man turns up in a remote part of Manchester and a few days later another corpse is discovered. The detectives start to realise the victims were not just murdered, but tortured too. They make an arrest, but it becomes clear their investigation has just scratched the surface. Meanwhile, Janet throws her husband out and Rachel's estranged brother turns up on her doorstep. Loyalty 1 2012-03-12
When the washed up Disco Diva Champagne Du Jour gets played up to be the decendant of Cleopatra, the agents get called in to bust the scheme wide open. With the help of a mysterious character, but no sexy women, the Agents manage to save the day with some true Disco style (and without thinking). 1 Queen Of DeNile 4
guestStars Erinn Bartlett
guestStars Elizabeth Hanna
Linda Bates guestStars
director Felix Feist
writers ?? ?
directors Peter Medak
1 Parys Mountain, Anglesey 4
director Alik Sakharov
writers Tom Fontana
directors Daniel Kontur
Alan Wendl guestStars
Isabella Hofmann guestStars
Robert B. Weide directors
James Barton guestStars
Doc Hammer guestStars
directors Stephen Gyllenhaal
directors Na Young Seok
Teresa Wright guestStars
Victor Bevine guestStars
directors Robert Florey
writers Elizabeth Beckwith
1 The Good Winner 44 Jeanie gets mad when she doesn't win a game, leaving Monty wondering whether you can turn a sore loser into a good loser. 2017-05-04
Larry Charles directors
Alexander Scourby guestStars
2 Die Like a Dog 2002-04-28 4 After Wolfe refuses Richard Meegan's request to find his runaway wife, Archie finds a body at Meegan's home. A dog follows Archie home after being at the scene of the crime. Can this hold the key to the puzzle?
directors Barry Levinson
writers Ken Kolb
Maya Goodwin guestStars
1 8 2008-02-03 Spider Walk ~ Trampoline ~ Hand Walk II
Thomas W. Ashworth guestStars
Josef Leytes directors
Dan Holden directors
directors Tristam Shapeero
1960-03-07 1 The Siege of Troy 21 Adam receives bad news from Suva and he has unknowingly provided passage for two smugglers.
Chloe Ray Warmoth guestStars
1995-02-10 Bolander has a relapse. The detectives sound off to the local news about the shooting. Apartment 201 is opened up and the occupant, Gordon Pratt, is a gun freak who once tried to be a cop. Russert and Howard declare a truce. They find the shooter, but lack of a weapon gets him released; later he is found with a bullet in his head. End Game 3 14
Bruce Campbell guestStars
Carrie Lazar guestStars
actor Tunna Milonoff
writers Matt Roller
David Fincher directors
Alec Berg writers
director Tomoyuki Itamura
Ellen Bethea guestStars
Boris Krutonog guestStars
2 2 Episode 2 2017-08-14
Bianca Kronl?f guestStars
writers David Finley
guestStars Johnny McPhail
Marin Hinkle guestStars
Lance Lim guestStars
Akiyuki Shimbou director
Callie Thorne actor
Louise Wallace guestStars
The Killer Punch/The Will of Death 1 'Sometime on the evening of October 19, 1990, the flamboyantly gay Sydney socialite Ludwig Gertsch was strangled with an elastic strap in the bedroom of his lover, Mr Vincent Esposito. His body was found, wrapped in a doona, in Blue Mountains scrub on November 11, 1990. In September 1994 a Sydney Coroner found that Ludwig Gertsch was strangled ''by a person or persons unknown''. But that's where the murder trail ends - his killer has never been brought to justice.The murder of Allen Hall at Warnervale, where he lived with Christine Hicks, the estranged wife of boxing mentor and horse trainer Cec Waters, presented a curious public with a cruel and twisted story. Water’s eldest son, Dean, eventually was charged with Hall’s murder. However, it would be revealed later that Dean had succumbed to his father’s demands. Cec Waters was depicted as a bullying, obsessive father, who was determined to make his three sons become boxing champions but slaves to his evil will. 7 2005-08-01
Tsubasa Cat - Part 4 1 2010-02-23 'After supressing the bakeneko, Oshino explains Hanekawa's situation to Araragi. Araragi realizes that he may need Shinobu's powers to help him bottle up the oddity. The problem escalates when Araragi learns that Shinobu has gone missing. Enlisting the help of his friends, he starts looking for Shinobu, but to no avail. The cat soon escapes from Oshino, then goes after Araragi, only this time she sides with him and aids in finding Shinobu. The two had conversations regarding Araragi's interactions with oddities, while they scour the city for the missing vampire.The search proves to be difficult even with the bakeneko's keen sense of smell and hearing. This leads the two to change topics, now talking about Hanekawa's situation. The cat explains that there is a way to confine her without relying on a vampire, that she is the personification of Hanekawa's stress, and that she knows exactly what's causing it. She remarks that Araragi, of all people, can deal with it easily. The oddity then reveals that Hanekawa being possessed by the bakeneko was because of the stress that she loves Araragi, and that the oddity itself may be sealed away for good if Araragi falls in love with Hanekawa.  14
1 9 Nadeko Snake - Part 1 Koyomi and Suruga travel to an abandoned shrine in order to perform a favor for Oshino. As they climb the mountain the shrine is located on, they pass a girl running down the path, who only briefly exchanges glances before continuing in the other direction. Once they reach the shrine, Koyomi and Suruga discover a number of dismembered snake corpses in what appears to be some sort of ritual. They both quickly decide to leave. Later, Koyomi comes across Hanekawa in a bookstore, where they begin to converse. Hanekawa warns Koyomi that he and Hitagi must set down boundaries in their relationship if it is to last. She then leaves after getting a sudden headache. Koyomi then meets the girl again, who he finally realizes is Nadeko Sengoku, a friend of his sisters who he met as a child. He and Suruga intercept her at the shrine, and return to Koyomi's house. Once there, Nadeko takes off her clothes, revealing snakelike skin, and pleads for Koyomi to save her.  2009-09-04
Akiyuki Shimbou writers
Feodor Chin guestStars
guestStars Neil Edmond
Doug Benson guestStars
Toufuyashi writers
Charles Bronson guestStars
writers James Yoshimura
guestStars Doreen Lang
network TVNorge
director Robin Wright
Mia Barron guestStars
Carrie Fisher guestStars
Melvin L. Cauthen guestStars
writers Nic Pizzolatto
Race For Your Life 1 1 1999-02-27 When Ace's skydiving magic trick fails, just before crashing into a roof of a building Cosmo rescues him. As Ace gets home, he learns that the camera man has been sabotaged turbo reactor on the stunt. Duc Paparazzo was reporting with Ace when a fire broke out. Ace saves Duc but Captain Friedrich arrested Ace because he thought Ace tried to attack Duc. Two men that were Spade and Diamond wanted to find the CD video to send to their boss Black Jack. Black Jack wants to make accidents not just Ace but also other people caught on CD video to sell on the world. Ace managed to escaped jail by disguising as police officer. Meanwhile, Cosmo was trying to ban a race car to save the life of Jim Speed the racer. Cosmo got arrested for doing this, but Ace was on his way. Spade and Diamond already were taking control of Jim's car and Ace must hurry to save Jim before Jim's car his destroyed and his life...
Valentina Cardinelli actor
director Lee Bonner
Franti?ek p?ich?z? do rodiny Butteauov?ch, aby vyu?oval jejich n?mou dceru Paulu h?e na housle. P?i tom se do n? zamiluje. V hodin?ch matematiky profesora Vydry pak ned?v? pozor. U Butteauov?ch se sezn?m? s V?clavem Th?mem a sp??tel? se s n?m. S p??telem a kolegou ze studi? ?ebesti?nem Hn?vkovsk?m Franti?ek chod? do divadla: do Nosticova na Figarovu svatbu nebo do Boudy na Ko?sk?m trhu. 1 Prvn? l?ska 3
guestStars Mekhi Phifer
1 Love & Betrayal Love is a universal and powerful emotion. But it can also be destructive. Lust can destroy, betrayal can wound. Such an often-irrational force asks questions of any society. 4 2017-12-23
Brett Paesel guestStars
2 11 Era Of Hate Agent Jin cracks down on the dark web and hacks into “Doctor Fabre,” a site with information on the Golden Time Team, and for the first time, Do Kang Woo and Kang Kwon Joo make direct eye contact with the serial killer, Bang Je Soo. However, once again, Bang Je Soo slips away from the police and is determined to target Agent Jin for trespassing into his site. Meanwhile, Kang Woo tells Kwon Joo of his past, and the two of them start to plan Bang Je Soo’s capture. 2018-09-15
Peter Gordon guestStars
A woman appers to drive out the undead by throwing rice at them. Much to his awe and joy, Koyomi learns that the woman is none other than Mayoi herself, bringing him a letter from Oshino, who somehow figured out the whole situation. From the letter, Koyomi and Shinobu learn that they had traveled to a different timeline and before they return to their unchanged, original timeline, he asks them to confront Shinobu's alternate self who is still alive, and must be destroyed to stop the undead plague and prevent the world from being destroyed for good. After bidding farewell to the adult Mayoi, the pair return to the temple ruins and meet the alternate Shinobu, who cries of joy upon seeing that in another timeline, she managed to reunite with Koyomi, and offers to sacrifice herself to allow them to return to their own timeline. Back to their own rightful time, Koyomi realizes that he missed the opening ceremony much to his chagrin, and after Shinobu returns to his shadow, Mayoi appears before him, and they take their time as they walk together to his house in order to return her backpack.  2013-09-08 9 Mayoi Jiangshi - Part 4 3
Kizumonogatari II: Passionate Blood Arc 2016-08-19 0 19
Terrence Currier guestStars
director Godfrey Reggio
34 0 The Seinfeld Reunion: It Could Only Happen on Curb...
Stephen Francis Quinn guestStars
writers Jorge Zamacona
Robert B. Weide director
1 Follow the Leader The Kazoops struggle to work as a team when building their new table tennis table. 2017-07-04 47
Larry David director
Ray Glanzman guestStars
Michael Williams guestStars
writers Ken Biller
writers Gary Janetti
Julia Louis-Dreyfus guestStars
1 1960-01-25 Walk Through the Night Adam stops at Jacob's trading post in New Guinea to pick up some crew members. A girl named Angel begs Troy to help save her fiance, who is trapped somewhere in the jungle. 16
network OCN
director Tucker Gates
directors Na Young Seok
guestStars Christopher McCulloch
1 2016-07-07 Best Bike in the World Stan and Violet get Monty a new bike, but Monty is disappointed to learn that this means his first, smaller bike will be passed on to someone else who can use it. He wonders why it is that you have to let go of your favourite things when you outgrow them. 14
director Christine Gernon
writers James Yoshimura
Thank You for Your Service 9 Larry commits a faux pas with Sammi’s fianc?, and tries to start over with his mail carrier and golf club security guard. 5 2017-10-29
Svetlana Efremova guestStars
Kevin Cameron guestStars
David Schurmann guestStars
director John David Coles
Angelo DiMascio guestStars
Munemasa Nakamoto writers
Dave Randolph-Mayhem Davis guestStars
12 1999-11-25 Monsters Ate My Homework After Evan gets away with telling his teacher the ultimate lie that a monster ate his homework, he gets a visit from some monsters inquiring after the missing homework, and about having him for dinner. 3
Mark Beesley directors
Mary Jane learns the sad news about Lisa; and deals with Lisa's family when they come to town. Sparrow 2015-10-27 3 3
actor Toni Lewis
Lois Johnson writers
Jo Morrow guestStars
Don't Call It a Comeback Mark contemplates his future at the network; and a sexual encounter scares Mary Jane. 6 2015-11-17 3
director Neasa Hardiman
Paavo Pylkk?nen guestStars
director Ed Sherin
John Cleese guestStars
director Claire Scanlon
2 Volume 2 0 'Volume 2: The Anita Cobby Murder (45 mins) (M)The Moorhouse Horrors - David and Catherine Birnie (30mins) (M)The Call Girl Killing - Roslyn Watson (20 mins) (M)
Francie Swift guestStars
A hurricane endangers more than just the entire East Coast and Frank must make a difficult choice. 8 Chapter 34 2015-02-27 3
director Bill Purple
James Tolkan guestStars
writers Scott Silveri
Georgia Rose guestStars
director Timothy Hutton
director Bryan Gordon
network FOX
director Christine Gernon
2 2 2009-11-20 Debbie's millinery choices lead Simon to recall his visit to the 1998 Eurovision Song Contest, a very odd dinner with his parents' gaybours (gay neighbours) and a meeting with Dana International in a disabled toilet. Warning: contains euro-pop. How I Got My Plumes
guestStars Peter Chong
1 Kangaroo ~ Muscle Gym ~ Extra Kendama 2008-02-03 26
Anna Belknap guestStars
1 2014-09-05 6 Peru - Part 6
Terike Haapoja guestStars
David M. Barsky directors
Michael Sinterniklaas guestStars
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Jonathan Orcutt guestStars
guestStars Doug Roberts
Tara Nicholson guestStars
Kathleen Grennon guestStars
1 The cricket and the machine 8
Steve Agee guestStars
Gene Levitt writers
2018-11-16 6 C-E-- CELEBRITY S-U-- SUITE When the DiMeos land in the hospital on Thanksgiving, Maya’s determination to save the holiday leads to an uneasy truce with her rival, Melanie Hertzal; and Jimmy gets jealous when Kenneth bonds with his brother, Billy. Meanwhile, wounds from an old breakup are re-opened, but Ray finds brand-new love in an unlikely place 3
Mara Brock Akil writers
Paul Dooley guestStars
directors Barry Gordon
Amelia Bullmore writers
Moses Gunn guestStars
Dan Mintz guestStars
0 32 2013-11-06 Presenting document The Act of Killing
Josef Leytes directors
19 Monster Rancher 1998-04-15 Matthew takes Lisa on a date. The office has trouble adapting to a new intern, Mr. James' nephew, Walt. 4
2013-07-28 'Tsubasa awakens in the next day at the Araragi house and finds out that she was possessed again. As she leaves the house, she is stopped by Koyomi's mother, Mrs. Araragi. The mother explains that while having Tsubasa as a guest is no burden to them, she should not consider the Araragi family as her own. Mrs. Araragi also explains that adverting ones eyes from the truth isn't running away from the problem, mentioning Tsubasa's strained relationship with her own parents. Later, while walking through a park, Tsubasa encounters a man named 'Mr. Episode', who is a half-vampire and once almost killed her. He was also accompanied by a woman named Izuko Gaen, who Meme referred to as his senpai. Gaen claims she knows everything, but surprises Tsubasa when she shows her knowledge on Tsubasa's feelings towards Koyomi, aswell as her tiger problem. Gaen and Mr. Episode depart, after saying that Tsubasa's problem is her own, and only she can solve it. Tsubasa goes to the library to research ''Kako'', what Gaen called the Tiger, but finds nothing. She calls Hitagi, whom expresses her concern that Gaen named the Tiger ''Kako'' herself, to learn that Gaen was the maiden name of Kanbaru and her mother. Hitagi then explains that Tsubasa and the burnings are linked, as wherever Tsubasa sleeps, the place burns down soon after, which may eventually include Hitagi and Koyomi's houses. Tsubasa returns to the Araragi house, to be forced into a game of cards with Karen and Tsukihi. They discuss what the words ''fire'' and ''flame'' mean, and the sister's boyfriends. Tsubasa explains that Koyomi refuses to acknowledge the sister's boyfriends because of envy, then realizes that she is being jealous. As she prepares to confront the tiger, Tsubasa believes that she may never be able to see Koyomi again, and after attempting to leave her own mark in Koyomi's room so he remembers her, she takes a picture of herself and sends it to someone, and writes a note to her other self, in hopes that they can share each others knowledge and feelings.  4 Tsubasa Tiger - Part 4 3
guestStars Douglas Sarine
guestStars Bari Biern
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
director Kevin Hooks
director Felix Feist
Maureen Kerrigan guestStars
William Colgate guestStars
guestStars Michael S. Kennedy
writers Carrie Rosen
Sabrina Reiter actor
directors Michael Glawogger
Larry David writers
director Cary Fukunaga
writers Matt Roller
actor Wang Yan Lin
B.J. McQueen guestStars
So Very Attractive 7 Julia, obsessed with the idea of being more beautiful, puts on a miracle cream that fulfills her wish but causes her to attract the unwanted attention of all sorts of creatures. 3 1999-10-21
Don Perry guestStars
Microcosmos 13 2013-09-18 0
Carroll O'Connor guestStars
1 9
2 2 2014-09-10 About Revolution: Return to Homs
Leonardo Millan guestStars
2017-05-30 8 While Frank attends an elite men's weekend gathering to firm up support, Claire deals with a stranded Russian ship and threats from Petrov. Chapter 60 5
2008-10-07 Mike hooks up with the tar rigging crew on the oldest active merchant ship in the world, the Star of India in San Diego. Then, Mike looks back at some of the dirtiest tools he's used, all which make life simpler for the rest of us.  Tar Rigger 16 4
Zach Galifianakis sits down with James Franco to have a normal, everyday, run of the mill interview. 1 18 2013-05-08 James Franco
2018-09-24 8 7 The members of Guild Council must face their archrivals for one last time, while Doc happily falls into a black widow's deadly web. The Terminus Mandate
Daniel Sackheim directors
George Macready guestStars
writers Sharat Sardana
Anne Francis guestStars
Kate Barnow writers
guestStars Cale Ferrin
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Gordy De St. Jeor guestStars
directors Cary Fukunaga
Nicky Gaudagni guestStars
director Nick Wood
director Laura Shepherd
writers Michael K. Sheeter
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Larry Charles directors
guestStars Michael Sheldon
Geoffrey Nauffts guestStars
Steven Pierce guestStars
2 1 Peru - Part 2 2014-08-08
Nicky Gaudagni guestStars
2 1994-09-17 'The Vaultkeeper and the Old Witch meet at the beach and swap stories.  In ''The Spider and the Flies,'' the Vaultkeeper tells the story of a city that is haunted by a spider. 3 The Spider and the Flies
Akiyuki Shimbou directors
Jay Harris guestStars
2 Tears 22 2010-05-22 In order to save the world of the living, Richard finally faces his greatest enemy and Kahlan may have to kill the love of her life.
David Simon writers
Jerry Stiller guestStars
Sara Seegar guestStars
2 A call to return to Aydindril and a desire to stay with Richard results in two Kahlans, one representing Kahlan's rational mind and the other her irrational heart. Richard realizes the mistake and must reconcile the elements of Kahlan's soul before Zedd, captured by the rational Kahlan, is put to death.  11 2010-02-13 Torn
Marin Hinkle guestStars
Skeboarder ~ Neko De Drive 1 52 2008-02-03
directors Tom Fontana
Larry Charles directors
Joyce Gordon guestStars
directors Alec Berg
2 An acupuncturist agrees to waive the fee if he cannot cure Larry's back; a writer asks for a loan. 2001-10-28 6 The Acupuncturist
guestStars Keely Marshall
0 2013-10-23 28 Queen of Versailles
Linda Lawson actor
Dominique McElligott actor
Baz Ashmawy actor
Mary Steenburgen guestStars
Lilly McDowell guestStars
'In the town of Fairview there's a street called Wisteria Lane; a peaceful cul-de-sac with manicured lawns and beautiful houses. It's a place where you know all your neighbors and your neighbors know all about you. It's the perfect suburban fantasy.But, behind every picket fence there are secrets. And, in every seemingly happy home, you'll find jealousy, lust, passion, and sometimes... murder. 2004-10-03 Desperate Housewives Ended
guestStars James Urbaniak
2009-05-19 0 5 F4 After Story 3
writers Greg Gallant
Josef Leytes directors
1 'Lori thinks she's found ''Mr. Right'' in rugged Gary Knepp. Lori's friend Lisa agrees and lures Gary into a steamy affair. Things get more complicated when Gary meets irresistible Carol. Their tryst sparks a war among friends that will end badly. 2016-01-09 A Shotgun Affair 3
writers ????
Son Jong-hak guestStars
Danielle Cormack guestStars
writers Gerd Oelschlegel
James Foley directors
actor Tony Rohr
0 The Wankers 40 2013-11-27
guestStars Christopher McCulloch
Stuart Pankin guestStars
2 2008-07-31 On a September night in 1986, two police officers climbed through a barbed-wire fence beside the F4 freeway at Minchinbury in Sydney’s west.  They were accompanied by two teenage boys who guided them to the edge of a shallow dam where the beams from torches outlined the body of a young woman lying in the mud.  She was later identified as nineteen-year-old Sydney bank clerk, Janine Balding. She had been abducted, raped, beaten and drowned. The shock was compounded when police arrested the gang responsible and found their youngest member was just 14 years old.  The others present were a boy and girl both aged 15, a 16-year-old boy, and their leader, 21-year old Stephen “Shorty” Jamieson, who despite his physical maturity had the mental age of 10.  It appears the gang was seeking to impress each other with their toughness when they set out to rape a woman. They selected Janine at random.  Thrill Kill - The Janine Balding Murder 6
Mark Beesley director
2 2 Episode 2 1998-11-20 'Sketches:Grandma's Birthday,Guru - Football,Indian Broadcasting Corporation,Mr 'Everything Comes From India' - Royal FamilyGrandma's Good Luck Cheer,Check Please - Humor,Asians football,Grandma's Bus Stop,Check Please - Underwear,My Son - Dependent,Grandma's Dying,Check Please - Fart,Jamima and Humpty,Great Train Journey of the World.
20 1 2016-12-24
Special Guest: Markku Wilenius 2013-09-18 12 0
director J?rgen Goslar
2008-10-21 Sheep Castrator Mike helps saw down a giant concrete wall at an auto dealership in order to make way for a new wash bay. Then he heads to a sheep farm where he tries shearing and castrating a sheep and is treated to a pate of Rocky Mountain Oysters.  18 4
director Daniel Minahan
guestStars Kate Flannery
guestStars Valentina Cardinalli
Marc Freeman Hamm guestStars
Christopher Kriess guestStars
The day before the election, Conway holds a 24-hour Skype session with voters, while Frank and Claire stump in key states and try to discredit him. 2017-05-30 Chapter 55 5 3
Pamela Payton-Wright guestStars
William Froug writers
Neve Campbell actor
Storm Advisory 1 1 Andre comes face to face with David at Mary Jane’s house. Meanwhile, changes are afoot at SNC and after an anchor is unceremoniously fired, Mary Jane, Kara and Mark all fear for their jobs. Lisa struggles with a bout of depression.  2014-01-07
Alexis Smith guestStars
Kari Matchett guestStars
Marko Lehtosalo guestStars
director James Foley
Alida Yath guestStars
writers Julie Martin
guestStars Mikko Salasuo
Angie Levrone guestStars
David Hines writers
guestStars Taylor Young
Richard Landau writers
2 2 Karen Bee - Part 2 Araragi turns up at Sengoku’s house, and tries to not get turned on by her lack of clothes and seductive advances at a time when her parents are conveniently out. After he leaves, he meets his sister Karen on the way to Kanbaru’s house, where he realizes that the Fire Sisters are up to something suspicious but decides not to interfere. When he catches Kanbaru completely naked and starts questioning how much of a pervert she is, Kanbaru jumps him and starts taking off Araragi’s clothes, and he promises to never molest Hachikuji again. 2012-01-14
'''Sassy Girl, Choon-hyang'' is the 2005 interpretation of the ''Legend of Choon-hyang''. The story begins when Lee Mong-ryong is transferred from Seoul to a high school in Namwon, North Jeolla Province. Chun-hyang does her best to help Mong-ryong, her first love and the son of the Namwon Police Station chief, to enter a prestigious university. However, after meeting with Mong-ryong’s first love, Chae-rin, Mong-ryong’s love toward Chun-hyang is shattered, although Chun-hyang’s love remains unwavering. One day, Byeon Hak-do, CEO of a famous entertainment company, appears in her life. He exudes confidence that he can make any woman fall for him. But as Chun-hyang shows no interest in him, his self-esteem is damaged profoundly. Byeon Hak-do is determined to make her love him. --KBS Global Marketing 2005-01-03 Delightful Girl, Choon Hyang Ended
Roope Mokka guestStars
1 7 2016-12-11
Affion Crockett guestStars
Bruce Beaton guestStars
director Ted Demme
1 56 2017-07-17 Bath Night Monty is avoiding taking a bath and wonders if you really need to get wet to get clean.
Moon Unit Za guestStars
Wayne Best guestStars
Gorilla's Paw 1 11 1993-11-20 In a classic retelling of W. W. Jacobs' The Monkey's Paw, an unpopular kid steals a gorilla's paw in order to be a part of a secret club, and discovers that the gorilla's paw can grant wishes with twisted results.
directors Geoffrey Cawthorn
1 2009-01-20 6 Thinking of the reminiscene with Seohyeon, Jihoo gets depressed. While Jandi is comforting him, Jihoo kisses Jandi. Junpyo bursts with rage and jealousy, and returns to Seoul alone. He announces that he is going to dismiss Jihoo from F4 and expel Jandi from school. However, the unexpected supporter Junhee, the sister of Junpyo, appears in front of the two. Episode 6
Rhonda Overby guestStars
Phil Chambers guestStars
Kari Matchett guestStars
John Lumia guestStars
Akiyuki Shimbou director
Larry David and his wife purchase a new oceanfront home owned by a television star's agent. Meanwhile, Larry shocks his wife and friends by deciding to take a job as a car salesman. 2 1 The Car Salesman 2001-09-23
Lani Kai actor
Carla Jeffery guestStars
2 2 No Mercy: The Killing of Virginia Morse 2008-03-27 'The horrific story of killers Allan Baker and Kevin Crump who began their murderous spree in rural NSW by killing a complete stranger for $20, a packet of cigarettes and a couple of litres of petrol. They then kidnapping Virginia Morse, a young mother of three, raped and tortured her as they drove to Queensland. Virginia's torture ended there when she was tied to a tree and shot.In the wake of their 1973 trial, the Australian public was left to ponder whether the two men were insane, or, even more chilling, whether their deeds were the result of rational minds gone astray. Shortcomings in Australian Criminal law were exposed because as Virginia Morse was killed in Queensland, New South Wales authorities could not charge the pair with her murder. Not wanting to extradite the two men, New South Wales police chose to charge them with conspiracy to murder Virginia Morse. Fortunately the New South Wales prosecutors didn't have to rely only on the Morse allegations. Their list of crimes also included the murder of Ian Lamb, the stranger, as well as wounding a policeman, as well as car theft.
actor Diane Lane
guestStars Christoph Waltz
David de Lautour guestStars
2017-02-25 1 11 The elusive Nam Sang Tae prepares to flee the country, but the police are determined not to let him get away this time. A 911 call brings the Golden Time Team to a hostage situation on a rooftop. The Whisper of the Devil (3)
Ballard and Munch catch a case involving the death of a prominent businesswoman. Pembleton and Bayliss catch a similar case. Both deaths might be the suicides they appear to be, but as the detectives begin their investigations the facts reveal otherwise. Lewis attends his disciplinary hearing and receives his punishment and is allowed to return to duty in the Homicide unit. Falsone and Lewis investigate another Mahoney related death. The situation within the Mahoney organization may be getting out of control as jury selection begins in the civil suit. The judge dismisses the civil suit, just as he told Kellerman tbat he would. Kellerman confronts him after the trial about the FBI's investigation in front of several witnesses. Bayliss joins Ballard for dinner and he reveals some of his secrets. Secrets 20 6 1998-04-17
Faultlines 1 5 When Rachel bumps into an ex-juror, she is shocked to discover that the woman had an affair with Nick in the middle of a trial - and a desperately worried Nick does everything in his power to persuade Rachel to keep the knowledge to herself. After a current investigation throws up similarities to Veronica's murder, Janet tells Geoff Hastings that they could be one step closer to bringing his sister's killer to justice. But when Rachel stumbles across some new facts in the case, she realises that Janet is in terrible danger. Can she get the information to Janet in time? 2011-06-26
Uli Edel directors
Perchance to Dean Rusty begins to indoctrinate Dean into his career as a super scientist, not knowing that a deformed and believed aborted Dean clone stalks the compound. The deformed clone's attempt to kill Dean leads to a mix up with Hank thinking that he's killed his brother, while local police prepare to raid the Compound after a UPS delivery man suspects illegal activities going on. 2009-11-01 4 3
Episode 3 2019-03-15 3 3
2016-03-04 7 Frank and Claire adjust to their new reality. The search for Frank's running mate begins. Frank starts a campaign to weaken Conway's strong support. Chapter 46 4
2 2019-03-08 Episode 2 3
2 13 The Cheating Type The case of the Mengel family, who appeared to be living the American Dream. However, beneath the surface, Kevin and Morgan were trying to hide secrets of lust, betrayal and ultimately murder 2015-02-28
directors Ted Demme
guestStars Rich Gordon
T. Ryder Smith guestStars
Mina Kolb guestStars
Susie Essman guestStars
guestStars Gladys Cooper
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Daniel Sackheim directors
Tony Hill guestStars
1972-02-13 1 3
writers Jeremy Bronson
director Gerald Mayer
director John McNaughton
directors Cary Fukunaga
guestStars Julie Payne
Mary B. Ward guestStars
writers Stephen Tolkin
The Reverend Horton Heat guestStars
22 Mike visits a Chicken Farm to see how eggs make it to the store. There, he finds out that 1.4 million chickens equal a lot of poo, which he gets the chance to clean. Later, Mike learns how dirty dirt becomes clean dirt as he sterilizes soil in Oklahoma. Egg Farm 2008-11-18 4
2 10 2002-06-09 Too Many Clients (2) After Thomas Yeager hires Archie because he believes he's being followed, he winds up dead at a construction site. Wolfe and Archie's investigations show that the victim had many lovers.
1 Christmas Special - Su Pollard 0
Sasu Laukkonen guestStars
John Coles directors
Sam Waterston guestStars
2 24 The Jonah Stone 1961-04-03
guestStars Kim Whitley
1996-11-01 5 5 M.E., Myself and I The new Chief Medical Examiner (CME), Julianna Cox, speeds into town. An FBI agent, Pandolfi, conducts interviews with the squad about Kellerman. Frank looks for way to celebrate his anniversary with his wife. The new CME arrives on the scene of a homicide that Lewis and Bayliss are working on, they lay down their respective ground rules. Bayliss' murderer confesses to committing another crime. Kellerman is worried by the ongoing investigation and takes it out on another arson officer. Brodie offers to make chili for the Lewis family but the dinner turns into a fight for Meldrick and his wife. From a suggestion by Frank, Bayliss and Lewis get the other body exhumed and checked out. Frank and Mary celebrate their anniversary. Bayliss gains some insight into the new CME.
writers Matt Witten
Aleks Holtz guestStars
Meg Kelly guestStars
David Schurmann guestStars
directors J?rgen Goslar
Tamala Jones guestStars
2 2018-01-10 Maya and Jimmy get pulled into a school fundraiser where Maya makes a new friend and Jimmy discovers the benefits of being tall. Ray, tired of being the responsible sibling, explores his reckless side with JJ and Dylan; and Kenneth tries to win over a crowd with his DJ skills. 12 THE H-U-S-- HUSTLE
Joseph Rosenberg guestStars
Steve Cumyn guestStars
Tom Teti guestStars
Wind Farm Technician 13 4 2008-06-02 Mike heads to an Oklahoma wind farm and learns that going green sometimes means you've got to get brown first. Then he heads to Kentucky to clean out a sinkhole that some have unfortunately turned into a garbage dump.
Jay Hilmer guestStars
director Sarah Pia Anderson
Felix Avitia guestStars
writers Tom Fontana
directors Nick Wood
The Secret of the Trash House - Eyes Inside the Wall (2) When a dead body falls out of a supposed victim's closet, Jin Hyuk and Kwon Joo realize the case goes much deeper than they had initially expected. 1 7 2017-02-11
Mia Barron guestStars
A women arrives at the brownstone to say that Wolfe's long-lost adopted daughter has been falsely accused of robbery and needs his help. By the time Archie arrives at the scene - the fencing studio where she works - her name has been cleared in the robbery, but there is a fresh case to investigate. And another muder on the way. . 1 12 Over My Dead Body (2) 2001-07-15
Lindy Booth guestStars
1 While Hitagi is off to Oshino for advice, Koyomi learns more about Mayoi's life. When Hitagi finally returns, she reveals some information that surprises Koyomi. Mayoi Snail - Part 3 5 2009-07-31
Margaret Trigg guestStars
23 Hitagi End - Part 6 2013-12-29 Kaiki realizes that he failed to deceive Nadeko because she never trusted him at all, and because she was previously deceived by Ougi into claiming the charm and becoming a god. Nadeko unleashes a swarm of snakes onto the entire Polar Snake Shrine, immobilizing Kaiki. Believing that he was sent by Koyomi, she contemplates killing his sisters, Kanbaru, Hanekawa and Mayoi as well to punish him, until Kaiki reveals that he found out her secret aspiration to become a manga artist, as many drawings were hidden in her private closet. Embarassed for having her secret revealed, Nadeko starts punching and kicking Kaiki as he tries to persuade her. He claims that eventually her parents will open the closet as well and find out about her secret, unless she renounces her godhood and returns home. After convincing her that she should forget about Koyomi entirely and pursue her true ambitions instead, she agrees to get deceived again. Kaiki implants a fake slug apparition into her body to have her uncounscious during the exorcism, but he's interrupted by Koyomi rushing into the shrine. Claiming that he was sent by Gaen as a professional to deal with Nadeko, Kaiki extracts the snake charm from her body and returns it to him. Kaiki also instructs Koyomi to cut all connections with Nadeko for her sake, as she must move on with her life by herself - his relationship and romance with her would only make her an useless human being. After calling Hitagi and confirming that his job is done, Kaiki bids farewell to her and realizes that the secret message at his hotel was sent by no other than Hitagi herself, as she knew it would have him push further with his job instead of discouraging him, and Gaen's message to him probably was for the same purpose. As he leaves the city, Kaiki is ambushed and mortally wounded by one of the boys he formerly deceived, possibly the one who cursed Nadeko, and before he passes away he hears Ougi's name, implying that he was sent by her.  3
The deputy commissioner invites Pembleton to lunch and gets him to investigate a case involving a congressman. Beau hires a private detective to find Beth and the kids when his clue that they are in Wilmington falls through. Howard and Felton investigate a case of a dead homeless man. Their job is made more difficult when they can't find the body. Lewis and Munch investigate the death of a motorcycle gang member. Pembleton finds out the truth, participates in the cover-up and then resigns when the media gets hold of the real story and the deputy commissioner doesn't back him up. Cradle to Grave 10 1995-01-13 3
Mark Beesley directors
directors Leslie Libman
guestStars Jane Carr
Michelyn Emelle guestStars
writers Austin Peterson
guestStars Steven Marcus
1 22 The Other Woman To Carol's shock, Wilbur whispers the name of another woman in his sleep. After being mad and upset, she is relieved to learn that the name he mentioned was a female horse that Ed wanted him to buy for the barn..........and him Grrrrrr. 1961-06-04
guestStars Christopher McCulloch
Dane Rhodes guestStars
Anthony Agnew guestStars
guestStars Abhi Trivedi
Bill Grimett guestStars
director Garth Maxwell
Joanna P. Adler guestStars
director Salim Akil
Ola Forssmed guestStars
writers James Thomton
1 Death in a Heartbeat - The Body in the Bag 'CI examines the Dr Victor Chang extortion murder as well as the horrific Jane Doe Case where a girl is found lying on the side of the road of an inner Sydney suburb wrapped in two plastic garbage bags. 2005-08-01 3
1 2017-10-26 When Gran tells Monty that good things come to those who wait, he wonders how it could be better to wait for something than to have it right away. Waiting Games 69
director Kenneth Fink
writers William Rabkin
network BBC Two
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
2 19 1961-02-20 Captain Butcher
James Sikking guestStars
22 Mary gave birth to a girl named Olivia; Tim is more excited about it than Frank. Their latest case involves a multiple shooting a restaurant. Lewis is back from his honeymoon, but while working a case with Kellerman, he confesses that they have yet to consummate their marriage. Later he tells him that they've separated. Tim stops by to see Frank and Mary's baby. They get a suspect for their case in the box. Frank collapses in the box while interrogating a suspect. Frank is put under the knife to release the pressure built up in his head from the stroke he had. After the surgery the doctor tells them that he doesn't know if Frank will recover. Work Related 1996-05-17 4
9 1 About Money with Markku Kuisma 2013-10-23
Jason Kravits guestStars
1 23 Episode 23 'With Gaeul’s effort, Yijung now finds out Eunjae’s declaration that he had missed three years ago. Gaeul brings Yijung to the rooftop, uncovers his eyes, and the message magically appears in front of him. Junpyo’s mother finds out about Junpyo and Jandi are secretly dating, and starts to attack the people around Jandi. Finding out who fall them into a difficult situation, Jandi makes up her mind. 2009-03-24
directors Robin Wright
Jimmy Kimmel guestStars
writers Scott Silveri
Wolfgang Becker directors
1980-05-07 1 1
1 12 Episode 12 2009-02-10 Jeha kidnaps Jandi and Junpyo goes to rescue her alone. Jeha and his friends beat Junpyo, but Junpyo bears it. F4 members get into the scene, finish off the situation. When Jeha tries to hit Junpyo again, Jandi protects him. The two are hospitalized, but find out the feeling for each other again. The friends go on a ski trip together, and Junpyo gives Jandi a custom-made necklace. However, Jandi accidently loses it and braves the snowstorm to look for it.
actor J. B. Smoove
Larry David writers
network KBS TV2
Timothy Hutton directors
director Tomoyuki Itamura
directors James Yoshimura
2 Divided Loyalties 8 Rachel discovers Nick has been brutally assaulted - and she is top of the list of suspects. But even worse, she has no recollection of the previous night after a drunken hen party, and struggles to convince herself she did not do it. Janet thinks she has made her peace with Andy, until he gives her some misinformation that results in Gill missing an appointment with the coroner - so the DCI, tired of their games, announces one of them will have to go. A man's accidental death turns into a murder investigation when his daughters reveal their mother often talked of killing him 2012-04-30
directors Danny Chun
actor Yuka Iguchi
writers Takahashi Natsuko
writers Sally Wainwright
Irv Ziff guestStars
2 Mike heads to a good old fashioned steel town in Pennsylvania to work at a 75 year old candy store named Wertz Candies making all sorts of candy treats. Mike then goes to California and works as a tire retreader. Finally, Mike goes to McConnell AFB in Kansas to help repair the fuel tanks of a refueling tanker aircraft. 12 Fuel Tank Cleaner 2006-07-24
Connie Jackson guestStars
Jessie Royce Landis guestStars
Bill Kennedy writers
1 7 2001-06-03 While Archie is upstairs trying to convince Wolfe to meet with a prospective client, someone is in the office making sure she won't ever tell Nero her story. Eeny Meeny Murder Moe
director James Yoshimura
director Nick Wood
writers Nic Pizzolatto
Somewhere South of Suva 1 12 1959-12-28 Adam Troy and his pal Oliver Kee are hired to search for an aviatrix who disappeared years ago. The flier was apparently carrying a large uncut diamond and it is now suspected that she crashed on an uncharted island south of Suva.
Happy to be Here 1994-11-18 5 Bayliss continues his relationship with the artist, but she's told her boyfriend. When she tells Bayliss that her boyfriend hit her upon hearing the news, it makes Bayliss so mad he confronts him. Pembleton and Bayliss investigate the death of a woman who's received a delivery of fresh flowers, although she's been dead over two weeks. Bolander and Munch investigate the shooting of Thorne's source, who's linked to a cocaine cartel, then Thorne is shot. Gee tries to get the department to get him a replacement for Crosetti. Thorne's daughter decides to keep his newspaper going. Beau tries to find out where his wife has moved the family. With Meldrick and Bayliss' disagreement over the artist, Munch is left without partners for the bar. Bayliss goes over the edge when the artist dumps him, so he holds up a liquor store for 11 cents; Pembleton gets him out of it. 3
1 9 2017-10-01 Larry tries to rid himself of an inept assistant, offends Jeff’s barber and gets into hot water over a new project. Foisted!
Rhett the Dog guestStars
Una Damon guestStars
2 After leveraging JJ in an attempt to land a family dog, Dylan takes a vow of silence to better understand what it is to be her brother. Ray brokers a meeting between his girlfriend’s mother, Melanie (guest star Sarah Chalke), and Maya, only to realize they have a history. Jimmy drives Kenneth crazy by gaming a supermarket giveaway to score free Christmas turkeys. 10 S-I--SILENT N-I-- NIGHT 2017-12-13
Charleigh Harmon guestStars
1 41 2008-02-03 Super Helico ~ Sponge Bridge II
Christopher Darga guestStars
7 2008-07-13 Brock and Dr. Venture stumble into a hidden state-of-the-art fallout shelter beneath the Venture compound, while Hank and Dean call in Dr. Orpheus to summon the Order of the Triad and help them out. What Goes Down, Must Come Up 3
Carolyn McCormick guestStars
Mary Jane joins forces with Justin, setting forth a plan that could oust Ronda from the anchor chair, but Kara gets caught in the crossfire. Getting It 10 2017-03-21 4
Judy Toll guestStars
Janis Ostojic guestStars
writers Jorge Zamacona
guestStars Claes Malmberg
Shane Jacobsen guestStars
2 Isabella Rossellini explores the hermaphroditic reproductive abilities of the limpet. Limpet 2009-04-01 4
2016-10-24 Baz and the mammies are in Dubai, where they plunge down a giant water slide, take to the skies on a tricycle and SCUBA dive in a shark-infested tank. 5 Dubai 3
Munemasa Nakamoto writers
Amy Brassette guestStars
writers Jean Gennis
2 Mosquito Control Officer 20 'Mike helps New Orleans residents restore, rebuild and revive their city in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. 2006-12-19
actor Eva Voskov?
8 Wake Up Call 2015-12-01 Mary Jane hears harsh opinions about her show while sitting in on a journalism lecture. In other events, Patrick's life seems to be on track until he's surprised with a family intervention. 3
Larry Shaw directors
Happy Holidays from everyone at Between Two Ferns, Funny Or Die, and some special guests. 2 Happy Holidays Edition 0 2013-12-18
Steve Agee guestStars
'Sanjeev Bhaskar, Kulvinder Ghir, Meera Syal and Nina Wadia reunite for a one-off special of the ground-breaking sketch show.The all-new material features favourite characters from the original series, including how you can tell Sherlock Holmes comes from India, some very competitive grandmothers, and a surprisingly high-tech use for an aubergine.Plus some unusually hard-hitting legal advice, a very scary nanny, and the heart-breaking denouement of the black-and-white movie classic Madrasablanca. 0 Reunion Special 7 2014-05-26
writers Doc Hammer
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
About Nature with Markku Wilenius 1 2013-09-18 4
director Tim Van Patten
directors Tomoyuki Itamura
Bad Water 1 8 A hurricane threatens to prevent the rescue of a French sightseeing submarine which is stuck in a freshwater sink hole and running out of oxygen. When a team from the seaQuest are forced to the surface they must rely on each other to survive the storm. 1993-11-07
1 22 Like A Pierrot III ~ Daruma 7 2008-02-03
Tila Tequila guestStars
Foard Wilgis guestStars
David Hemblen guestStars
Barry Morse guestStars
writers ????
network ABC (US)
Jerado Decordovier guestStars
2008-07-06 Dr. Quymn, Medicine Woman 6 Team Venture meets Team Quymn, led by Dr. Tara Quymn, Dr. Venture's childhood sweetheart. Her two twin daughters and manly bodyguard seem oddly familiar, but the two teams must join forces to battle a dreaded were-o-dile: half man, half crocodile. 3
1 When the newly elected President reneges on a promise, Francis and Claire decide to sever all allegiances and toss the rules out the window. 1 2013-02-01 Chapter 1
1 Follow the Rules 8 2016-06-29 Monty tries to change the rules of a board game when Jimmy Jones keeps beating him.
Peru Baz and the mammies head to Peru, where they spend a night in the Amazon, hike in the Andes, battle altitude sickness and visit some ancient Inca ruins. 3 2016-10-10 3
directors Christine Gernon
writers James Yoshimura
Russel Means guestStars
writers Chad Fiveash
2 2006-06-13 It's a glitzy Las Vegas premiere as Mike visits the Lance Burton Theater to clean up the pens for Lance's show doves and geese. Mike then gets really dirty by visiting a pig farmer and helping him process and transport yesterday's buffet leftovers to feed the pigs. 7 Casino Food Recycler
director James Foley
Akili Prince guestStars
Reggie McFadden guestStars
Jerry Seinfeld guestStars
directors Jean de Segonzac
director Akiyuki Shinbo
directors Ken Whittingham
Gene Levitt writers
Rick Warner guestStars
Hugh Hefner guestStars
2016-10-11 The World That You Dream Of 1 16
writers Doc Hammer
Roxann Dawson directors
1 7 Dan Lynch, a friend of Captain Troy's, receives a brief note from his sister-in-law stating that Dan's brother has died.  Lynch asks Troy to find the girl and learn the circumstances of her husband's death. Mission to Manila 1959-11-23
director Na Young Seok
'Play School is Australia's most successful regular television program for pre-school children. It goes to air every weekday throughout the year on ABC1 at 9.30 am and at 3.00 pm and on ABC2 at 2.00 pm.Play School aims to encourage a child to wonder, to think, to feel and to imagine.The program shows two warm, caring people taking the time to be with one child. They address the child directly and personally. Into this relationship are woven the stories, songs and activities that form the fabric of Australian children's culture. Play School is successful because it satisfies our basic human need to interact with other people and to be valued by them.Play School aims to extend the child's interest and it encourages participation.Each program contains a story, some songs (both traditional and new) and a variety of play ideas with things to make and do.Each week has a theme which is developed in different ways depending on the day. The daily format usually includes the Calendar, the Clock and a look outside Play School via the Windows. Continuing 1966-07-18 Play School (1966)
Kenneth Fink directors
guestStars Bill Saluga
director Gareth Carrivick
director James Foley
James Woodley guestStars
2 9 I Got Flowers Today Part Two 2018-09-08 Two female culprits kidnap Son Ho Min who is later found stabbed in his father’s vacation house. He is taken to the hospital and put under intensive care. The Golden Time team finds out that there is a third suspect at the hospital ready to end Son Ho Min’s life and rushes to the scene. Later at the hospital, Son Ho Min is found dead after Team Leader Do Kang Ho wakes up from one of his blackouts.
guestStars Robin McDonald
director Tim Hunter
1 T-H-- THE C-L-- CLUB 2017-02-15 15 J.J. argues with Kenneth about their time together; the family become members of a country club for a week.
writers Julie Martin
1 Stories from Norway: The Musical! follows Petter Northug through the incredible events and through his darkest hours, telling the story about how you can be forgiven for nearly everything - as long as you keep winning gold medals. A Family Affair 4 2018-03-12
directors Alan Taylor
1 Producer Na Young Seok goes to Phuket where the cast of “Reply 1988” is having a celebratory vacation. And he makes a prank on Jun Yeol, Jae Hong and Kyung Pyo and takes them to Africa to shoot “Youth Over Flowers in Africa”. Bo Gum who had to return from the vacation to Korea for a music show filming also joins the trip. The young actors manage to arrive in Namibia with few clothes, and they need to deal with many things from booking hotels, hiring a car, exchanging money to planning their journey. 2016-02-19 4 From Phuket to Africa!
2017-02-21 6 Traveling to Atlanta to cover a news story, Mary Jane's reunion with her family goes into a tailspin when Lee shows up unexpectedly. Getting Home 4
directors Felix Feist
guestStars Avery Davis
Dannii Minogue guestStars
Mia Barron guestStars
directors Tomoyuki Itamura
Larry David writers
About a Woman (5) with Sanna Saastamoinen-Barrois 0 2013-12-18 49
guestStars Steve Watson
directors Jun Ki Sang
Susan Oliver guestStars
Noreen Kershaw director
Kevin Smith guestStars
Tess Harper guestStars
director Michael Hurst
The Reunion 2009-10-04 7 Jeff pitches the idea of doing a Seinfeld reunion to Larry, who refuses at first, until he realizes how he could make it pay off personally. 3
Alexander May writers
2007-12-04 0 Mike Rowe looks back at some of his favorite dirty jobs and salutes the men and women from around the country who have found innovative and entrepreneurial ways to get dirty Dirty Innovators 15
Troubled by Gill's comments about her relationship with Will Pemberton, Rachel gets cold feet about accompanying him to an awards ceremony. When Janet discovers that Elise's heart is being broken by Eleanor's son, her maternal instincts make her want to rescue her daughter and bring her home. When a couple are shot at close range in their pub in the early hours, their son Simon feels utterly alone, having lost his sister Carla when he was three. But when his aunt is identifying the bodies, she tells them that Carla did not die, but was disowned by the family after failed attempts at rehab. 6 Professional Divide 2014-10-15 4
1 17 2008-02-03 Hand Walk II ~ Giant Ball
Peter Gerety guestStars
Paul Mazursky guestStars
6 A super-widow surfaces and makes Dr. Mrs. The Monarch's job difficult while a criminal genius tries to arch Dr. Venture. 5 Tanks for Nuthin' 2016-02-29
Irving Jacobs guestStars
Christian Lees guestStars
1 Stan doesn't want to dance because he's not good at it, leaving Monty wondering if you have to be good at things to enjoy them. 2017-04-27 39 Dad Dancing
guestStars Brad Carter
guestStars Murray Matheson
Christmas Special 1 0 1998-12-01
directors J?rgen Goslar
Sedona James guestStars
director David Kerr
director Larry Charles
Rob Bruner guestStars
Im Keller 1 7 Katzlbrunner wacht aus dem Koma auf und hat das Ged?chtnis verloren. Er glaubt, er studiert noch immer Biologie und will mit Politik nichts zu tun haben. Babs versucht ihre Mutter Herta zum Nachhause kommen zu bewegen, w?hrend die Tantratherapeutin Gitti versucht, Gerri zu verf?hren. Frau Berner lockt Dr. Feist trotz Beinamputation lasziv zu sich und verf?hrt ihn. Ronnie sitzt im Keller von Frau Berner eingesperrt. Gemeinsam mit ihrem Ehemann, der vor 10 Jahren weglaufen wollte und einem Mediamarktverk?ufer, der sie vor zwei Jahren ver?rgerte. Dr. Feist entdeckt das Verlies und wird ebenfalls eingesperrt. 2012-10-30
2009-11-08 8 7 Officer Krupke Larry is forced to embrace his feminine side; Cheryl competes for a Seinfeld role; a law officer has an unusual name.
Beau Willimon writers
Danny Breen guestStars
director Salim Akil
Lawrence Tierney guestStars
Spuk von draussen Spuk von draussen  is a 9-part television series that was produced in 1987 by the East German television. The series is only available in german language. 1987-12-19 Ended
Paul Boocock guestStars
Claus Holm actor
2019-01-20 Hays recalls his early romance with Amelia, as well as some cracks in their relationship that surfaced after they married and had children. Ten years after the Purcell crimes took place, new evidence emerges, giving Hays a second chance to vindicate himself and the investigation. The Big Never 3 3
Joanne Linville guestStars
Kyle Gass guestStars
guestStars Debra Monk
Mark Beesley directors
2 2012-01-07 1 Araragi finds himself chained up in Oshino’s old hideout by Senjougahara, having been kidnapped by her. The scene then shifts to a hot summer’s day, where he ponders on what to do with his unstable vampirism and whether he should tell his two sisters, Karen and Tsukihi about oddities. Deciding to meet up with Sengoku, he heads of to her house but spots Hachikuji Mayoi and stops to chat (molest) to her. Karen Bee - Part 1
Kirk Penberthy guestStars
1 'During the party, Kim Won Bong opens fire. As he gets pinned down, Lee Young Jin appears sustaining multiple bullets from Matsuura. Although Won Bong gets away, Young Jin is carried out by Fukuda. Matsuura gets promoted to become the commissioner, and later, with Fukuda's pledge for the independence for Korea, Matsuura stands in the scope of Young Jin's rifle. 2019-07-13 For the Independence of Korea 40
Ismo Leikola guestStars
Frank tries to do whatever it takes to get the new bill passed in Congress. Russo goes on a bus campaign with the Vice President, but the VP is not making it an easy trip for him. Zoe's relationship with Frank gets a little bumpy. 9 1 2013-02-01 Chapter 9
guestStars Brendon Small
actor Tabrett Bethell
directors Whitney Ransick
Kamikaze Bingo 2005-10-16 Larry wonders how a Japanese WWII veteran can call himself a kamikaze, and feels a nursing home bingo game may not be on the up-and-up. 5 4
1 16 2016-12-20
writers Mike Sussman
directors Justus Addiss
director Tom Fontana
director ????
director James B. Clark
2 13 Hunted 1994-11-19 A heartless hunter in the Amazon is soon the hunted when a shapeshifting monster named Onnaya starts pursuing him after freeing the captured animals.
Larry David writers
director Henry Bromell
Reg E. Cathey guestStars
directors Jackson Publick
Tim McAdams guestStars
directors Jun Ki Sang
Mark Beesley director
Verna Lee Day guestStars
Barry Sigismondi guestStars
director Cary Fukunaga
1 Mirror 18 Opportunistic thieves use magic to disguise themselves as Richard and Kahlan in a scheme to rob trusting townspeople, but when they learn the real Seeker and Confessor are nearby, they seize the opportunity to steal the Sword of Truth. 2009-04-25
1987-06-25 5 4 The Paper Crane
Michael Jaffe director
Ricardo Montalban guestStars
guestStars Herman Hack
network ReelzChannel
directors Jakob Verbruggen
Bridget asks Larry for a favor on behalf of her son. Larry earns unexpected gratitude in a buffet line. 9 8 Never Wait for Seconds! 2017-11-19
network HBO
Lela Lee guestStars
Larry David writers
Maggie Rush guestStars
1 7 The Sleeping Beauty 1993-10-23 In a terrifying retelling of the classic fairytale, a self-absorbed prince and his nerdy put-upon twin brother quest to wake the slumbering princess, whom, little do they know, is really a bloodthirsty vampire.
2017-04-20 1 Different Folks 34 Monty and Gran disagree over ice cream flavours, leaving him unsure if people who like different things can still be friends.
1 2016-10-01 The murder of Dorothy Stratten and her husband is spotlighted. Dorothy Stratten 4
Alexandra Daddario guestStars
director Rob Cohen
Nikki Rodriguez guestStars
Stanford Whitmore writers
Wolfgang Becker directors
Liz Noone guestStars
1 2008-02-03 Like A Pierrot V ~ Neko De Drive 47
directors Garth Maxwell
William Froug writers
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Liz Cackowski guestStars
director Michael Hurst
Episode 3 2000-03-10 3 3
director Alvin Ganzer
2 1 Das Wunder von Braunschlag zieht seine Kreise. W?hrend Richard und Gerri mit der Wunderstelle Geld scheffeln, hat Elfi nur eines im Kopf, schwanger zu werden. Der Vatikankommissar Banyardi versucht indessen vergeblich, dem Spuk Herr zu werden. Da er sich aber in die deutsche Magd Silke, die auf dem Hof von Gerri Tschachs Mutter arbeitet, verliebt, m?chte er die Untersuchung des Wunders ein wenig verl?ngern. Endlich ist Elfi schwanger, doch sie wei? nicht, dass ihr Ehemann Richard unfruchtbar ist. 2012-09-18 Das Wirtschaftswunder
actor George Tobias
2013-11-03 Shinobu reveals that during her first visit to Japan, 400 years ago, she saved the local people from a severe draught by accident and was revered as a goddess by them. She then spent the next years living as a goddess in Japan until all the villagers started disapearing mysteriously, until only Shinobu and a demon hunter she befriended remained. Soon after, the same being that Koyomi met attacked them and Shinobu barely escaped alive, taking with her the demon hunter's hand by accident, which she used to revive him as a servant of hers just like Koyomi. However, the man blamed her for all that happened and unable to reason with him, Shinobu watched him commiting suicide by exposing himself to the sunlight. Since then Shinobu never returned to Japan until six months ago, when she and Koyomi first met.  Shinobu Time - Part 2 15 3
Ted Ludzik guestStars
guestStars Sanna Saastamoinen-Barrois
David Milch writers
2 Black Maps and Motel Rooms 7 Ray, Ani and Paul take precautionary measures to elude detection and untangle a dark mystery. Frank deals with the fallout of his betrayal. 2015-08-02
13 1 2011-05-23 Zach sits down with Will Ferrell, the star of Everything Must Go, Anchorman and Old School, to talk about lunch, dance teams and to show a never before seen clip from his movie. Will Ferrell
writers Jeff Schaffer
Francisco Rabal actor
Mercy Homicide is called in when a woman is distressed at the fact the Dr. Turner helped her brother stop suffering from his colon cancer by injecting him with a lethal dose of morphine. Other members of her family were comfortable with the way he died. Pembleton and Bayliss investigate the issue of murder or mercy. Ballard and Gharty spot their city goats at a shopping mall, where Gharty was using Ballard as a consultant in his purchase of a gift. Stivers and Falsone catch a case where a schoolgirl and the owner of a pizza parlor are murdered during the holdup of the pizza parlor. Kellerman confronts Judge Gibbons and tapes their conversation about his ruling in making the wrongful death suit a jury case. Ballard and Gharty round up their city goats after they confront their mother. Gee warns the rookie homicide detectives, Stivers and Falsone about the baggage that comes with working their first case involving the death of a child. Pembleton and Bayliss' investigation of Dr. Turner's pract 6 16 1998-03-20
directors Sutton Roley
James Martinez actor
Margaret May guestStars
Phillip Pine guestStars
directors Michael Hurst
Bobby Brown guestStars
Sarah Knowlton guestStars
1 2019-07-06 Jung Im is killed in a shootout with the Jongno Police. Majar and Se Joo get taken back to the station and tortured for Young Jin's whereabouts. Nam Ok gets away after seeing Jung Im fall but returns to avenge her death. Meanwhile, Young Jin and Won Bong meet with Fukuda and listen to what he has to say. 36 The Shootout
directors Felix Feist
guestStars Doug Roberts
1 Chapter 4 2013-02-01 4 Francis shakes down the Congressional leadership. Zoe is offered the promotion of White House Correspondent and doesn't know if she should take it or not.
Rhonda Overby guestStars
Pippa Scott guestStars
Larry Charles directors
Lizabeth Scott guestStars
James Davies guestStars
2 9 Mary Jane gets nominated for an Emmy, prompting her to seek advice from her trusted friends. In time, she must decide whether to take a chance and follow her instincts. Meanwhile, information about Tracy surfaces. 2015-03-31 Line in the Sand
2011-07-03 1 Vendetta Last in series of the police drama. As Rachel is walking home, she is narrowly missed by a car which then smashes into the side of the road. The next day, she learns that the crash is linked to the disturbing information she found out about Nick's affair with a juror. Was Rachel targeted - and could Nick have had something to do with it? The latest case for the team is that of a teenager shot dead at home. His best friend witnessed the shooting but it takes all of Janet's skill to get him to open up as he is petrified that he could be next. Meanwhile, Rachel's career hangs in the balance as Gill discovers just how far she has gone in pursuit of love, and Janet needs to end her affair once and for all. 6
9 Larry and Cheryl prepare to renew their wedding vows; Larry mulls an offer from his dry cleaner. The Survivor 2004-03-07 4
2 The Witch, The Cryptkeeper, and The Vaultkeeper return to tell the tale of a boy who challenges a monster to a basketball game that could mean the end of his life if he loses. 8 Dead Men Don't Jump! 1994-10-15
Continuing after the prior episode, General Traceter (alluded to in Season 1 during Brock's License exam in Mid-Life Chrysalis) heads a OSI assault team to go after Samson and the Venture Family after the original three assassins fail to do their job. Using ingenuity to save the Venture Family once more, Brock Samson hatched a plan to force OSI and Monarch's Henchmen to fight each other instead of pursuing the family. In the aftermath of the fight, OSI gains victory after one of Monarch's Flight Suits malfunctions and ends up shooting his own minions in friendly fire. After revealing himself being on neither side of the fight, Brock makes a shocking announcement to Thaddeus and General Traceter that would affect the rest of their lives.  13 The Family That Slays Together, Stays Together (2) 2008-08-24 3
2 1 The Truth About Wonder Woman Comic books become popular and male super heroes rise to stardom; one man creates a feminist superhero inspired by both his wife and his mistress. 2017-11-13
director Salim Akil
Rachel Brosnahan guestStars
guestStars Fisher Stevens
guestStars P.L. Brown
directors Ashley Sabin
Pat McNamara guestStars
writers Barry Schkolnick
directors Salim Akil
Larry David writers
1 8 1980-05-20
Robert Armstrong guestStars
1 Never Mending Story 21 2016-09-05 The Kazoops decide to replace their broken couch, but Monty doesn't think being broken makes something useless.
Kwon Hyung-Joon actor
Alenah Dean Taylor guestStars
directors Morag Fullarton
Steven Ratazzi guestStars
guestStars Kalle Wahlstr?m-Zackari
actor Colin Fox
guestStars Brendon Small
Paul Mazursky guestStars
directors Robin Wright
writers Eric Overmyer
Michael Kanaan- Shoot To Kill 7 'Michael Kanaan was an angry young man in a hurry to make a name for himself in Sydney’s underworld. But his volatile temper and penchant for violence soon led him to kill three men before he was finally captured in a wild shootout with Sydney police.Born in Australia in 1975 to Lebanese parents he grew up following American crime gang culture in films and music. As a teenager he moved into petty theft and assault before his first arrest, for drug possession, in his early twenties. Despite being given a suspended sentence and a two-year good behaviour bond, he was soon in trouble again, this time for common assault, for which he escaped with a fine. He quickly returned to drug dealing and his gang - known as ‘DK’s boys’ - made huge profits distributing cocaine in Sydney’s Kings Cross. His reputation grew and by 1998, at age 23, he had become a lieutenant to organised crime figure Danny Karam.Although outwardly courteous and well spoken, Michael Kanaan had an uncontrollable temper and did not hesitate to use violence to settle disputes. In July 1998, he made a passing comment to some people involved in a fight outside the Five Dock Hotel in Sydney’s inner west. When one of them approached him, Kanaan suddenly drew a pistol and shot two men dead. His attempt to shoot a third failed as he had run out of bullets.A few months later, Kanaan led his gang in a drive-by shooting attack on the police station at Lakemba in Sydney in which the building was sprayed with bullets. Soon afterwards he organised the brutal execution of his underworld boss, Danny Karam in December 1998.He was finally cornered by police and arrested after a shoot-out in inner city Rushcutters Bay in which Constable Chris Patrech was wounded. 2009-08-27 3
1 1 While the Cat's Away Two brothers plan to rob an abandoned mansion, where The Cryptkeeper has set up a monstrous security system to get rid of intruders. 1993-09-18
Timothy Hutton directors
guestStars Kayla Maisonet
writers Joy Lusco
Rita Moreno guestStars
Thomas Gomez guestStars
2005-10-09 The Christ Nail A undergarment purchase for his housekeeper lands Larry in hot water, while his father-in-law's fondness for The Passion of the Christ comes in handy more than once. 5 3
Mark Beesley directors
director Victor Nelli, Jr.
guestStars Debra Monk
John L'Ecuyer directors
1962-01-28 17 Policeman's Holiday 3
Conan O'Brien guestStars
Buddy Ebsen guestStars
1998-01-16 11 6 Shaggy Dog, City Goat Julianna wins the recognition of her peers. At dinner, Julianna and her colleagues swap stories about how they've cracked cases. Julianna relates a story that happened a few weeks earlier, a suicide might actually be turn out to be murder, when it is determined that the victim was shot in mid-jump. A bickering elderly couple proves to be the key to the crime. Meanwhile, Falsone investigates the legal possibilities of obtaining custody of his son. Ballard and Gharty investigate the death of a drug dealer, which takes them up into the hills of western Maryland in search of their suspects. Georgia Rae Mahoney sues Stivers, Lewis, Kellerman, Giardello, Cox, the department and the city for the wrongful death of her brother, to the tune of $60 million. Lewis confronts Georgia Rae and winds up with a suspension for his trouble.
Larry David writers
Cliff McMullen guestStars
Akiyuki Shimbou directors
directors Justin Lin
director Akiyuki Shinbo
2 2 Episode 2 2018-03-16
guestStars Melissa Leo
Mina Kolb guestStars
Larry Charles director
director Jay Chandrasekhar
Kenneth Fink directors
The Morphic Trilogy reaches its conclusion in a decades-spanning tale of friendship, betrayal and mass murder that overwrites Venture history. 7 2018-08-20 Arrears in Science 3
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
directors Robert Florey
Mel Brooks guestStars
Kathryn Kelley guestStars
directors Tom Fontana
network MTV
Irv Ziff guestStars
'Marty Funkhouser is outraged when flowers from his mother's memorial are stolen; Larry complains about ''sample abusers'' in stores; Jeff and Susie find knowing Larry to be a liability when trying to get Sammy into an exclusive private school. The Ida Funkhouser Roadside Memorial 2007-09-23 6 3
John McGiver guestStars
director Christine Gernon
Josef Leytes directors
Colin Fox guestStars
2 2017-08-28 10 Episode 10
'The torrid details of the notorious Milat family are explored in this episode. Members of the family continue to support Ivan Milat, the nation's worst serial killer. Clearly, this is a family with “ issues”. According to one report, Ivan's brother Boris’s wife Marilyn was having an affair with Ivan and Boris believed that Marilyn fell pregnant to Ivan. When he sought advice from his father, he was encouraged to kill Ivan. Boris says Ivan lacks a soul and a conscience. He says his brother has been a psychopath from his earliest school days and always had a fascination with guns. Boris's comments have sparked a feud within his family, some of whom have reportedly made death threats against him.Carolyn Milat, says her brother Ivan does not have a secret side to him and was always genuine, but another brother, Bill Milat, has said that if Ivan is guilty, then he should be executed. When the trial judge suggested more than one person took part in the killings, Ivan’s younger brother, Richard Milat, publicly denied he had assisted Ivan. 2010-11-30 4 4 Backpacker Bloodshed
directors Dean Parisot
guestStars David Morehead
directors Aleksi Bardy
Marin Hinkle guestStars
Maury Chaykin actor
directors Robert Aldrich
Lynn Andrews guestStars
1 JJ instantly wants to join a sled hockey team made up entirely of people with disabilities, but Jimmy is not thrilled and thinks it’s dangerous. Meanwhile, Maya takes a CPR class with Kenneth, and she sees how popular he is and realizes that she needs to be nicer in order to keep him as JJ’s aide. 9 2016-12-07 S-L-- SLED H-O-- HOCKEY
Sodachi Lost - Part 2 Araragi and Hanekawa visit Oikura and learn the painful story of her family's past. 2015-11-01 5 4
directors Christopher McCulloch
James Sutton actor
Airi Lampinen guestStars
Jeff Mandon guestStars
directors Tom Kramer
Dan Holden writers
'Kristina ''Keyyo'' Petrushina guestStars
director Josef Leytes
Nicki Paluga writers
2 Date: 01/27/03: All I can remember about this episode is from when I appeared in it as a child actor of about 14. Very roughly, the story involved my family landing on an island in the Pacific (perhaps shipwrecked?). We were British and somehow ended up being imprisoned by someone. Also in the story with us was a very intelligent chimp (named Mr. Flotsam) who, when the chips were down, helped to free us through the use of a hand grenade or some such element. I regret I don't recall much more and the script I had was lost long ago. The show was filmed on a sound stage and in the backlot of 20th Century Fox's studio in what is now Century City, CA. I remember a set built to serve as the ocean and a beach of a remote island. As a kid, i was in awe of everything, including the chimp. I saw the show in its first  run, but never again. I would love to see and or acquire a copy. If anyone can assist me in that, I would be very grateful, since I have very little to remember my childhood acting Mister Flotsam 15 1961-01-23
1996-04-12 18 'Lewis and Kellerman's investigation of a murder in a housing project puts them at odds with a civilian-patrol group, run by the Black Muslims. Munch is excited because Stan is scheduled to come back June 1st. Russert and Munch catch a case where both the victim and shooter are dead. She with Howard must decide whether to circumvent the so-called ''''blue wall of silence'''' among police officers when it is discovered that the officer on the scene didn't react in time. Barnfather stops Lewis and Kellerman's charging of a Muslim, until something is leaked to the newspapers. The ''''big man'''' is scheduled to come to the bar, but changes his mind, twice. Scene of the Crime 4
Jill Lover guestStars
director Alan Taylor
Lily Tomlin guestStars
A tent and camping equipment are set up on a rooftop of a building in Seoul. About a month after the trip in Africa, the members of Youth Over Flowers in Africa are gathered again. The camping equipment reminds them of their memories in Africa. They talk about everything they experienced in Africa from people and animals they met and the food they had. Plus, behind the scene stories are revealed. 2016-04-01 Youth Over Flowers in Africa: Special 7 4
Michi Kobi guestStars
director James Yoshimura
director Na Young Seok
director Gareth Carrivick
6 Series 2 Outtakes and Bloopers 0
Michael Sinterniklaas guestStars
11 Making a home energy efficient by improving insulation, turkey artificial insemination, viewer mail, car crusher Turkey Inseminator 2008-05-12 4
Beau Willimon writers
Jason Sims Prewitt guestStars
Brian Lohmann guestStars
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
AMC Visionaries: Robert Kirkman's Secret History of Comics The series explores the stories, people and events that have transformed the world of comic books, taking a deep dive into the most accessible and often subversive modern popular art form. 2017-11-12 Ended
Larry David writers
director Larry Charles
Eva Gabor guestStars
directors Na Young Seok
guestStars Dixie Perkinson
writers Henry Bromell
Scott Michael Morgan guestStars
Gina Gionfriddo writers
guestStars Jill Hennessy
1 Episode 3 2017-03-24 3
Laura Shepherd directors
Scott Erickson guestStars
2 2 2017-10-04 When Maya encourages the parents of the new special needs kids at Lafayette High to demand full-time aides, the school administrators tell her anything the new students get will spell losses for her beloved JJ. Meanwhile, Dylan develops a hooky habit, unprepared as she is to return to the same school for a second year; JJ pushes Kenneth toward romance with his teacher; and Jimmy endeavors to enjoy a long-awaited uninterrupted shower F-I– FIRST S-E– SECOND F– FIRST DAY
12 Mr. Grant, owner and sole inhabitant of a small island on the Pacific, has been killed in strange circumstances. His young and pretty niece, recently arrived in Papeete, claims the inheritance. During the investigation, a mysterious character is discovered on the island. The Inheritance 1961-12-24 3
guestStars Andre Philippe
1 6 The Ties That Kill 2013-12-07 Financially strapped, Dan and Lisa Carlson leave Tacoma, WA with their young twin boys to live in a small home on the property of Dan's parents. Enter Shawn, Dan's best friend, and soon a web of intrigue and familial conflict becomes a lurid murder.
Dana Gourrier guestStars
Jim Grollman guestStars
.357 Magnum 2 1 2012-04-11 After losing to a widow in a high stakes casino game, Fujiko has to take on her reuqest. She wants the gun of the man who killed her husband, so Fujiko finds herself going after the infamous gunman Daisuke Jigen.
directors Ed Bye
guestStars Paul Goebel
director Morag Fullarton
Gretchen Egolf guestStars
Robert B. Weide director
Alan J. Wendl guestStars
director Leslie Libman
directors Daniel Kontur
director Bud Townsend
directors Henry Bromell
guestStars Seamus McLaughlin
guestStars Julie Payne
writers Scott Aukerman
2012-12-31 Araragi, initially ignoring Oshino's warning not to involve himself any further in this incident, visits Hanekawa's house and is shocked by what he finds. He returns home and convinces his sisters not to involve themselves in the Curse Cat incident either. A few days pass and Hanekawa is still nowhere to be found. Araragi returns to Oshino to find him severely injured from his numerous encounters with the Curse Cat. Later, Araragi manges to find and talk to the Curse Cat occupying Hanekawa. Calmer and less violent now, she tells him to leave her to her own devices in order to relieve her master's stress. 0 Tsubasa Family - Part 3 5
directors Jonathan Brough
Scott Bryce guestStars
Robert B. Weide guestStars
Bonita Cartwright-Thornton guestStars
1967-12-15 2 5
2 20 2017-09-12 Episode 20
Barbara Eden guestStars
network
1963-06-18 2 1
actor Robin Wright
Rhonda Overby guestStars
Erin Moriarty guestStars
2 1 Isabella Rossellini explores the wonder of compatible vaginas and penises. Why Vagina 2009-04-01
Craig Cady guestStars
John Stocker guestStars
Cranberry Farmer 'Mike Rowe gets dirty making handmade bricks in South Carolina.He then masters the art of cranberry farming in Oregon. 2008-02-05 5 4
Goo Hye-sun actor
2 2018-03-14 Maya has jury duty, which is like a vacation for her until she learns Taylor’s mom, Melanie (guest star Sarah Chalke returns), is also there. Meanwhile, JJ lies about his disabilities on an online dating site after a few bad dates; and Ray is upset Jimmy and Dylan spend too much together. 16 ONE A-N– ANGRY M– MAYA
guestStars Luciana Paluzzi
Kayla Maisonet guestStars
2 Daughter of Illusion 10 1960-12-12
Edward Gold writers
13 Russert and Munch are assigned to work a case together; they find a retired cop who was murdered near his wife's tombstone. The dead cop's son asks Lewis, whom he went to the academy with, to get involved with case. He also makes his own inquiries, which get him into a bit of trouble. A suspect is arrested; however, despite the overwhelming evidence against the accused, the jury acquits him. The son contemplates delivering his own justice. 4 1996-02-16 Justice (1)
Lee Yeong, the crown prince feels confusing on Ra On as a maiden and he intentionally treats her cold-heartedly. Ma Jong Ja takes Ra On to Mok Tae Gam after hearing a news that he is looking for a soloist at the play.  1 2016-09-06 6 When I Want to Tell Untold Secrets
Holly Dale directors
Ava Lenet guestStars
Jean Holloway writers
0 'Mike Rowe looks back at jobs involving tight spaces: stripping and painting inside of Mackinac Bridge tower (''Bridge Painter''), replacing pipe underneath house (''Plumber''), KC-135R Stratotanker fuel tank cleaner and boom operator (''Fuel Tank Cleaner''), Stamford hurricane barrier zinc anode changer (''Bell Maker''), storm drain cleaner (''Mushroom Farmer''), cleaning the inside of the boilers of the steam yacht Medea (''Steam Ship Cleaner'')  Tight Spaces 16 2008-02-19
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
1 18 2016-08-31 Cubby House Monty is disappointed to find the cubby house Stan built him is empty inside, until he begins to fill it with his imagination.
0 'Goemon is hired as a bodyguard by Yakuza boss, Makio Inaniwa, who runs a gambling boat and is being threatened by internal factions. At the same time, Lupin attempts to steal the proceeds of the gaming vessel and meets Fujiko who had the same intention. Lupin and Fujiko decide to divide sales proceeds, but suddenly the boat explodes. Goemon heads for the engine-room and encounters the huge and powerful Hawk or ''Bermuda ghost'' with his twin axes who is seeking Lupin. While Goemon is fighting Hawk, Inaniwa dies in the flames, abandoned by his men. To avenge his father, Inaniwa Jr. sends Goemon to kill Hawk. Goemon finds Hawk but is easily beaten, and undertakes a punishing ordeal to understand why he lost. He returns to Inaniwa Jr. to take his punishment, but explodes at his men's insensitivity and brutality, and attacks them, leaving only Inaniwa Jr. standing. Goemon eventually finds Hawk again as he is pursuing Lupin and Daisuke. Goemon intervenes and confronts and defeats Hawk in a final bloody battle. 2017-02-04 The Blood Spray of Goemon Ishikawa, Part 2 4
guestStars Niecy Nash
director Gareth Carrivick
guestStars Larry Blyden
1 Jon Stewart 2012-05-18 Zach interviews talk show host Jon Stewart.  15
director ?? ?
director Robert Florey
Marissa Jaret Winokur guestStars
2 Ace has a new magic show. The magic trick is something to do with weather. He creates lightning, energy suns, and small tornadoes. Mr. Zanoni, the organizer of the open air show, is extorted by a stranger. The stranger blackmails Zanoni, he wants one million electro dollars or he will sabotage the show. Yet Zanoni refused. As the show begins, two volunteers go on stage and the magic trick starts. Suddenly, everything starts going out of control as the extortionist pulls out a small device and creates a large storm which Ace can no longer control. Even though Cosmo reduces the energy input, the storm grows larger. Spectators flee in panic, some are injured but no one is seriously hurt. The media blames Ace for the disaster and Ace decides hold the tour as long as he doesn't know where the error lies. Suddenly Zanoni pays a visit and explains that it wasn't Ace's fault. He had been blackmailed and didn't pay the money. Ace decides to continue the tour to catch the culprit. At another loc 12 Bad Weather For The Magician
actor Hiroshi Kamiya
Javier Bolanos guestStars
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
writers Peter Sauder
Angela Fornero guestStars
Martha Thimmesch guestStars
Episode 4 2 2018-03-30 4
directors Mike Smith
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
2 Concrete spreader, termite exterminator, concrete truck cleaner Termite Controller 6 2006-03-21
J.J. Boone guestStars
James Earl Jones guestStars
guestStars Rick Holloway
1 2012-05-26 1 Life in the Wet Zone 'David begins his journey inside the magnificent Palm House, a unique global rainforest in London. Here, he explores the extraordinary plants that are so well adapted to wet and humid environments and unravels the intimate relationships between wet zone plants and the animals that depend on them.It was in the wet zones of the world that plants first moved on to land and in the Waterlily House David reveals how flowers first evolved some 140 million years ago.Watching a kaleidoscope of breath-taking time-lapses of these most primitive of flowers swelling and blooming in 3D, he is able to piece together the very first evolutionary steps that plants took to employ a wealth of insects to carry their precious pollen for the first time.David discovers clues to answer a question that even had Charles Darwin stumped: how did flowering plants evolve so fast to go on to colonise the entire planet so successfully? He marvels with signature enthusiasm at orchids, the largest family of flowering plants.
Jan Austell guestStars
director John L'Ecuyer
director Tom Shankland
Gabe Begneaud guestStars
Madison Wolfe guestStars
2 Nobody's Fool 5 2016-04-20 'When the body of teenager Will Hudson is found in a Manchester park, Rachel (Suranne Jones) knows his death could have been prevented.  With information about the Taking Out The Trash website in the public domain, monitoring potential targets is severely compromised and Mitch’s missing daybook seems the likely source of the leak. When Rachel receives an email with video footage of Will’s murder, it’s clear the rules of the game have changed and Rachel’s safety is in question.  Acting as appropriate adult in Taisie’s (Harriet Waters) police interview, Janet (Lesley Sharp) feels powerless to protect her daughter. Rachel tells her that as a police officer, she mustn’t interfere, but Janet is Taisie’s mum first and knows she has to do something to stop the madness. At the end of Syndicate 9’s darkest day, Janet and Rachel share a drink, and it’s clear to Janet that the world is now a very different shape.
guestStars Ruth Rudnick
Sharon Elizabeth Doyle writers
Faith Becomes Destiny 1 12 When checking the King's meal, the silver spoon turns black and this goes to blame on child from lantern festival and her father. Owing to the help of Eunuch Do and Teacher Dasan, Lee Yeong reveals that the child and her father are innocent.  2016-09-27
writers Herman Epstein
Siatta Johnson director
1 1959-10-26 3 Paradise Lost
Harant Alianak guestStars
Larry David directors
1993-03-31 9 1 Night of the Dead Living On a slow and hot September night in the squad room with no air conditioning, the detectives spend the night together. Bayliss has a new suspect brought in on the Adena Watson case, a twelve-year-old boy. Munch deals with his breakup of his latest relationship. There is a mystery about a solitary lit candle in the squad room: who lights it and why? Bolander debates about calling the Dr. Blythe for a date. Santa Claus drops by depressed about today's society. Gee finds an abandoned baby in basement of the building.
directors Justus Addiss
Darken Rahl and his Mord'Sith interrupt Richard and Kahlan as they prepare to unleash the power of Orden, which would destroy the tyrant once and for all. 1 2009-05-23 22 Reckoning
Reading the Signs 2 11 2015-04-14 Mary Jane's rant goes viral, turning her into an overnight sensation; Sheldon struggles to take his relationship with Mary Jane to the next level; and Kara heads home to help with a complicated family matter.
director Michael Weaver
Laura Shepherd directors
director Agnieszka Holland
David Steinberg directors
June Kyoto Lu guestStars
1999-07-03 1 Professor Cosmo 20 Cosmo is nearly late for an inventors competition, but he got to exhibition hall just in time to demonstrate his invention, a mental wavelength modifier. Down in the lobby, Ace is busy signing autographs to his fans when he notices another contestant named Van Scott in trouble with Spade and Diamond. Ace tries to help, but only for Diamond to use Van Scott's invention, a robot to attack Ace and cause trouble in the contest. Cosmo used his invention to stop the robot and ends up winning first place. At this point, Cosmo decided it's time to say good bye to Ace and look towards his own future. Black Jack does not have the robot but he has the remote control so he used it to get the robot away from the police. Back at the Magic Express, Ace practices his newest trick while Cosmo considers loads of offers. When they both found out that the robot is loose again, Cosmo goest to work and Ace goes to Angel. Black Jack uses the robot to steal some weapons but Cosmo stops the robot again. The sh
1 Skeboarder ~ Bamboo Derby II 32 2008-02-03
directors Robert Aldrich
guestStars Tom McGowan
guestStars Elijah Wood
writers Stefan Gommermann
2017-09-05 2 15 Episode 15
directors Andy Ackerman
Annabelle Apsion actor
Down-home humor and an endearing cast of characters helped make The Andy Griffith Show one of the most beloved comedies in the history of TV. The show centered around widower Andy Taylor, who divided his time between raising his young son Opie, and his job as sheriff of the sleepy North Carolina town, Mayberry. Andy and Opie live with Andy's Aunt Bee, who serves as a surrogate mother to both father and son. Andy's nervous cousin, Barney Fife, is his deputy sheriff whose incompetence is tolerated because Mayberry is virtually crime-free. The Andy Griffith Show 1960-10-03 Ended
2 8 Episode 8 Father Matthew and Bernie visit the Bishop (Anthony Newley) for advice on how to deal with the unwanted baby. Sergeant Slater tries to get the truth out of John. Danny and Lucy talk about their true feelings for each other. 1999-02-28
Dorie Barton guestStars
1 2016-09-09 Star Yeti Jeanie wishes she was a famous popstar, but Monty wonders if being famous would really be as great as his sister thinks. 25
director Robin Wright
Larry David writers
James Tolkan guestStars
directors Bill Purple
NewsRadio '''NewsRadio'' showcases the hilarious antics of the whimsical #2 news radio station in New York City. The corral of characters are eccentric and witty, and they surprise each other with their back-and-forth banter. Their workplace humor also supplies an abundance of laughs amidst this unlikely bunch of colleagues. 1995-03-01 Ended
guestStars Michael Weaver
Brian Constantini guestStars
guestStars Merrin Dungey
Joy Kilpatrick guestStars
Mojo Gentry guestStars
guestStars Archie D. Williams
director Christine Gernon
1 Super Rider ~ Seesaw 60 2008-02-03 14
Remak Ramsay guestStars
writers James Yoshimura
guestStars Bret Hamilton
guestStars Maxine Stuart
Nathan Stolpman guestStars
guestStars Jeffrey Thomas
Rose Abdoo guestStars
director Whitney Ransick
2 7 Behind The Orb Ball Skip Ramsdale, star of the Strikers team was playing a game of Flippball, when an accident and is whisked off at the hospital. He is diagnosed with Flippball Sleep, a strange illness that is affecting more and more pilots recently. Ace and Cosmo were present throughout the last Flippball Game and Ace tells Cosmo he knew Skip for a long time, though they are no longer friends. Flashback: Skip tells Ace he wants to be part in of his tricks. Ace warns him the performing trick is dangerous, Skip claims that Flippball is more dangerous and he can do it. The trick fails because Skip was locked inside a water tank and he lost the key and he nearly died. Skip blames Ace for his own failure and ever since they were no longer on speaking terms. Ace and Cosmo visits Skip because Cosmo is a huge fan, but his dreams are shattered when he gets to know the bitter and angry Skip, who, to top it, takes vitalizing drugs. Skip treats Cosmo like a small child, insults Ace, and tells them to leave him alon
2013-12-15 Kaiki returns to his hotelroom and finds an envelope with an anonymous message telling him to pull off. After tearing it up and flushing it in the toilet, he contacts Hitagi, telling her about the incident with Gaen and Yotsugi. He asks her if anyone else could profit from having him stop his plans to deceive Nadeko, however she has no idea who could have such goals. She asked if she could see the message, but Kaiki noted that he destroyed it already. Before hanging up, Hitagi warns him to beware of Nadeko. On the following day, Kaiki pays another visit to Nadeko just as promised, but this time he offers ¥20,000 and a bottle of sake instead of the usual ¥10,000, much to Nadeko's joy. Returning from the temple, Kaiki is approached by Hanekawa who wants to talk to him. As they return to the city on a cab, Hanekawa reveals that she had just returned from her search for Oshino overseas without Hitagi's and Araragi's knowledge and even though she knew that continuing to look for him is futile, she intends to depart again on the following day. It turned out that Gaen personally warned Hanekawa to stay out of the intrigue. She invites Kaiki to her hotelroom. Kaiki, after making sure she is on their side, suggests her to exchange information with him.  21 Hitagi End - Part 4 3
actor Kan'ichi Kurita
Misha Gonz-Cirkl guestStars
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Larry Charles director
director Timothy Hutton
2 Mike first travels to Colorado to help out at a marble quarry. He then goes to California to collect owl vomit which is sold to school children for research projects. Finally, Mike travels to Texas to palpate cows, a process used to figure out if a cow is pregnant. He also gets a little too familiar with a bull. 1 Avian Vomitologist 2006-01-10
Ben Stiller guestStars
Alison Folland guestStars
William Ragsdale guestStars
Dean pays a visit to the mystery woman in his life, while Hank and Dermott play a prank on Dr. Venture which leads him on a quest to find his mystery friend and rescue him. 6 Momma's Boys 5 2013-07-07
John Dossett guestStars
Bobby McAdams guestStars
directors Tom Fontana
Kurt Krause guestStars
actor Lucas Gregorowicz
writers Melissa James Gibson
Marin Hinkle guestStars
directors Julie Martin
2017-09-27 2 1 W-E– WE’RE B-A– BACK! While JJ was at summer camp, Maya decided it’s time the family no longer use JJ’s disability as an excuse to let their lives fall through the cracks. Maya, Jimmy and Dylan make dramatic changes, but a smug Ray decides he will spend the summer watching his family likely failing at their attempts. When JJ comes home, Kenneth finds a love note in JJ’s luggage from Alexa (guest star Rose Crisman), a girl he met at camp, who wants to give JJ his first kiss. The family chucks their self-improvement projects and hits the road to find Alexa.
1 A Shot in the Dark 1993-02-24 4 Bolander and Munch tackle a case, but Stan keeps throwing his old partner's name at John. Evidently the date with Carol didn't go that well, he doesn't want to talk to her or about her. Pembleton (with Felton) and Bayliss follow different hunches in the Watson case. Chris' recovery is amazing, but it will take a lot of therapy and his getting used to being blind. The suspect in Chris' shooting gives himself up, to prevent being the victim of police justice. Lewis isn't as sure as Crosetti that their suspect is the one. Barnfather lets out a key piece of evidence to the media, taking the wind out of Tim's line of questioning for his suspect. Tim lets him know how he feels, and even though he is right, he must apologize. Pembleton and Felton discuss various racial issues while following up their lead. Carol finally catches up with Stan. Munch wants nothing to do with Karaoke at the bar, but finally gives in and enjoys himself. Frank gets hold of evidence that will allow them to follow up
writers James Yoshimura
director Jonathan Brough
1999-06-12 At the Croesus Palace Casino, Mona sings her heart out to the delight of her fans including Ace. She's the finalist of the Golden Voice Award for the best new song. Someone then throws a bouquet of flowers on the stage but it also contain deadly snakes. Ace saves Mona while Cosmo tries to go after the suspect. Unfortuately, Spade and Diamond gets in the way, allowing the suspect to escape. Later, Ace and Cosmo learned that it's not the first time Mona has been threaten. Even Mona's father, Black Jack concerned for her safety and insists that she drops out of the competition. She tells him off and goes with Ace to the Sensa-News studios after losing Spade and Diamond who when they were suppose to watch over her. Mona has to introduce the other nominees: Nesh Divine, whose Cosmo's favorite singer. And Demonia Deadly, a heavy metal singer bent on winning. Nesh recieves an ordinary box of candy which is actually a box of deadly spiders which are loose in her trailer. Ace helps her stop the 1 Golden Voice 15
2017-01-14 Set around an emergency 112 call center. During the golden time after a crime takes place, the call center chases criminals including a serial killer. Voice (2017) Ended
1966-01-21 1 4
1 Super Rider II ~ Neko De Drive 2008-02-03 27
Jack Gallagher guestStars
directors Martyn Friend
directors ?????????? ?
director Alec Berg
actor Robert Pugh
writers Noel Behn
guestStars Monroe Thomas
Geraldine Brooks guestStars
director Kenneth Fink
director Charles Rondeau
Larry David writers
guestStars Steven Pope
network Sky1
Ali Jahangiri guestStars
Christopher Darga guestStars
2014-02-25 1 7 'A picture stirs up drama between Mary Jane and Andre. Meanwhile, Patrick breaks news that he's moving out; a drug run turns violent; Niecy announces a plan following her delivery; Kara mulls over a custody issue involving her sons. Blindsided
Robert B. Weide director
guestStars Geoffrey C. Ewing
2 11 When Dr. Venture finally succeeds in attaining the holy grail of superscience - the revivification of a human corpse for fun and profit - a washed up gang of wandering former teen sleuths is convinced that the Venture Compound is haunted.  Their investigation uncovers something far creepier.  Meanwhile, Orpheus shepherds Brock through a crisis of conscience with the help of a New Age shaman and a bizarre tea party. ?Viva los Muertos! 2006-10-01
Sally Lindsay actor
director Cary Fukunaga
1 Hand Walk ~ Super Daruma ~ Bamboo Derby 2008-02-03 3
Cathy Ladman guestStars
Terry O'Quinn guestStars
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
writers Anya Epstein
Robert Riggs guestStars
Caitlin Serros guestStars
Dan Garrett guestStars
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Munemasa Nakamoto writers
Lisa Hammer guestStars
Sam M. Hill writers
James Sikking guestStars
Mario Pardo actor
guestStars Sean Nelson
guestStars Michael Hurst
directors Tomoyuki Itamura
director Bernard Girard
guestStars Deborah Hazlett
actor Michael Potts
director Larry Charles
2 'Mary Jane is stuck in the house with nothing to do; Cedric reveals his plans; and SNC hires a hot replacement for Mary Jane. Louie, Louie 2015-10-20 3
Celia Lovsky guestStars
directors Gary Lister
Conjectural Technologies' newfound success hits a snag when Billy is kidnapped by the same mysterious benefactors who invested in their company, and SPHINX launches an investigation aimed at determining who is behind these dubious financiers.  4 15 2010-10-24 The Silent Partners
Rudolf Jugert director
Billy Curtis guestStars
1 Won Bong, Young Jin, and the Heroic Corps head back to Gyeongseong with a plan. Fukuda also returns after hearing of his father's death. The news of his death overcomes any feelings he had for Young Jin that shifts his target to Hiroshi. With the documents found stating the identity of Young Jin, he, Matsuura, and Oda take Hiroshi in for questioning. 32 2019-06-29 A Different Target
0 Viewer's Choice 2006-01-31 6 Mike answers questions from viewers and shows some of the many outtakes and deleted scenes from the show. Mike also does a new dirty job and goes to a dairy farm in Pennsylvania to milk some cows, feed a newborn calf, collect fresh cow poo for study, and do some of the daily maintenence on the feed mill. Mike ends the show by singing his own version of the Dirty Jobs theme song.
Nicky Gaudagni guestStars
1 64 2008-02-03 Hand Walk III ~ Super Rider III
writers Jeff Schaffer
Wanda Sykes guestStars
David Steinberg director
director Tomoyuki Itamura
1 2016-08-30 Lee Yeong, the crown prince is in charge of the King's 40th birthday and the reception for the Qing's envoy. Furthermore, the crown prince invited Gisaengs from all of the country of the eight provinces and he started to create dance for the Gisaengs.  4 After the Play Has Ended
2004-02-01 A bag of cashews and rasins threatens Larry's working relationship with David Schwimmer; a dirty locker and a golf club threatens his club membership; Larry gets into a compromising situation with a dog. The 5 Wood 5 4
1 1 The Mighty Misfits Who Made Marvel How Jack Kirby and Stan Lee invented Marvel's most beloved characters; exploring which aspect started a revolution -- Kirby's artwork or Lee's bravado and writing. 2017-11-12
Ricky Gervais guestStars
1 23 C-A-- CAMP 2017-05-17 As the family readies for their flight to JJ's camp, Maya gets a surprise at the airport. Ray sees the summer as an opportunity to reinvent himself, while Jimmy and Dylan turn the trip to camp into a father/daughter bonding moment.
Uli Edel directors
1 2008-11-08 Bounty Bounty hunters all over the lands are trying to capture Richard. While Zedd seeks to find out how they're tracking him, Richard and Kahlan attempt to help a girl whose brother has been captured by a fabled monster.  3
director Christopher McCulloch
Stephen Angus guestStars
writers Doc Hammer
2 2 Gym Freddie and Stuart join Ash's gym; and Violet and Penelope enjoy the flat without them there. 2015-06-08
directors Michael Morris
director Daniel Kontur
Michael Pena guestStars
writers David A. Goodman
0 2015-01-09 6 The Venture family and friends gather for Jonas, Jr.'s memorial service. A surprise is in store for Rusty during a reading of Jonas' will. All This and Gargantua-2 Special Epilogue
Drinking Made Easy 2010-10-06 'HDNet follows Lamprey as he completes a 53-city national comedy tour (also named ''Drinking Made Easy'') in which his entourage travels the US in search of the local drinks and drinking customs that have contributed to the birth, growth and distinction of our great country. Definitely a road trip unlike any other, visiting everywhere from the country's oldest brewery, Yuengling, to (arguably) the country's oldest bar, Jean Lafitte's Blacksmith Shoppe Bar.Hop on the tour bus and ride around from bar-to-bar from the comfort of your living room. Drinking Made Easy will be your guide to everything drinking-related in America. Ended
1 2008-05-05 Isabella Rossellini explores the mating habits of spiders. Spider 6
1 2014-09-29 Cambodia 6 Hitting the final stretch of their adventure, Baz and Nancy stop off in Cambodia, where the toughest challenge of the series awaits.
writers Laura Eason
Jim Zulevic guestStars
director Henry Bromell
Watch guestStars
Larry David writers
Ellia English guestStars
Munemasa Nakamoto writers
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Andrew Sabiston guestStars
Kaarina Hazard guestStars
guestStars Scott Neilson
0 2014-10-01 64 Presenting document Images of Finland
directors Tomoyuki Itamura
Joe Chrest guestStars
Akiyuki Shimbou director
2 7 The 2004 death of Lauri Waterman, who was killed by Brian Radel and Jason Arrant in an attack orchestrated by her 16-year-old daughter Rachelle Waterman Alaskan Blood Pact 2015-01-17
Cathleen Nesbitt guestStars
directors Jeremy Saulnier
Heikki Patom?ki guestStars
writers William Simpson
1 1984-12-09 Energy and alienation in Dylan Thomas, Robert Lowell, Philip Larkin, and Ted Hughes. Featured performers: Julian Glover, Anthony Hopkins, and Stacy Keach. Towards the Present, 1934-1984 16
Mary Jane Paul is a one-woman-show: a successful TV news anchor, and an entirely self-sufficient powerhouse who remains devoted to a family that doesn't share her motivation. Intense drama and unforgettable moments unfold as Mary Jane juggles her life, her relationships, her work, and commitments to her family. 2013-07-02 Being Mary Jane Ended
directors Juliet May
Windy Morgan guestStars
Lewis Black guestStars
Michael Lehmann director
actor Woody Harrelson
Robert Sommerwerk guestStars
Keith Wilson guestStars
writers Henry Bromell
directors ?? ?
1 11 Brazilian Brew-Ha-Ha
1 1965-01-26 3
Markku Wilenius guestStars
guestStars Reginald Gardiner
directors Allen Coulter
The OSI has put a termination contract on Brock's head, and three top assassins plan to collect. Meanwhile, the Monarch and Sgt. Hatred battle to see who will be Dr. Venture's arch. 2008-08-17 12 The Family That Slays Together, Stays Together (1) 3
1 Nakama ~ Daruma 7 2008-02-03 61
network Channel 4
director Gareth Carrivick
10 2002-11-17 Larry figures out a way to fire a chef, and alienate an important restaurant critic, in the days before his new restaurant is scheduled to open. As Susie stews over a misunderstanding with Larry and Cheryl, the Davids spend some quality time at the car wash. With its grand opening at hand, the restaurant owners hire a new chef with a penchant for speaking his mind. The Grand Opening 3
writers Matt Roller
guestStars Andre Trevon Browne
directors Kyle Secor
2 2012-04-02 Sacred Trust The duo look into the murder of an eight-year-old boy, coming up against a pedophile who cruelly deceives his victim's family. Dom's HIV test comes back negative, so he sets out to celebrate - only to endanger his own life and jeopardize Rachel's sergeant's exam in the process. Janet tells Andy she is having second thoughts about their brief liaison, but he finds her decision hard to accept. 4
Melanie Smith guestStars
writers Richard Pinto
Julia Louis-Dreyfus guestStars
Aron Tager guestStars
directors Jean de Segonzac
Stan King guestStars
David Schurmann guestStars
Linda Ruffer guestStars
1 19 2019-06-08 After the explosion at the Governor Office, Hiroshi brings in the military police to protect the governor. However, Oda and Kenta oppose and try to stop any reports of the bombing from being true. Meanwhile, Fukuda and  Matsuura start to investigate possible leads, starting with the suspicious power outage and the electrician. Kuroba Kaito
Doc Hammer (Henchman 21 guestStars
guestStars Mikko Hypp?nen
Blueprint for Paradise 1962-04-01 26 3
Dane Rhodes guestStars
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
writers Anya Epstein
writers Vikram Gandhi.
0 44 Independence 2013-12-06
directors Cary Fukunaga
director Darnell Martin
writers Ken Biller
William Froug writers
Ebboney Wilson guestStars
2 A Very Venture Christmas Dr. Venture is a bit behind on his shopping, but he's excited about hosting his annual Christmas Eve shindig. Brock turns out to have some sentimental Yuletide traditions. Dean and Hank, who still believe in Santa Claus, accidentally unlock a magical demon who threatens to ruin Dr. Venture's annual Christmas party and murder all his guests. Dr. Billy Quizboy and Mr. White hit on Triana, Dr. Orpheus' underage daughter. Meanwhile, The Monarch plans the ultimate gift for Dr. Girlfriend--the destruction of the entire Venture Compound. 0 2004-12-19
Richard Branson guestStars
In this special episode of Dirty Jobs Mike heads to the edge of the Arctic Circle, on the northeast side of Canada's Baffin Island in search of one of the most mysterious sharks known to man: the Greenland shark. 2008-07-29 0 18 Greenland Shark Quest
directors Gareth Carrivick
71 0 2014-10-15 Special Guests: Mikko Hypp?nen and Mikael Storsj?
Fuji guestStars
director Joshua Oppenheimer
Kevin Dunn guestStars
actor Constance Zimmer
director Bryan Spicer
2 The murders of Alan Bates and his wife Terra, who were shot dead by the husband of his former spouse Jessica McCord as part of a custody dispute over their two daughters 2014-12-27 4 Bloody Custody
David Steinberg directors
1 2014-02-09 Hart and Cohle hunt for their newly identified suspect, Reggie Ledoux, a meth cooker who shared a cell with Dora Lange's husband and recently skipped parole. As Hart's personal life collapses around him, Cohle immerses himself in an old criminal identity from his narco days, contacting an East-Texas biker gang known to deal with their primary suspect. Cohle's undercover work takes him to a dangerous edge where the law has no place, and both men must confront the cost of living a false life. 4 Who Goes There?
Anil Desai guestStars
guestStars Miriam Colon
Paul Boocock guestStars
Anthony Steel guestStars
directors Tom Fontana
Jefferson A. Russell guestStars
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
1961-11-19 8 The Fires of Kanau 3
2 1 Murder In Stereo When millionaire Werner Hartmann meets Debra Stover he's smitten and soon marries the young beauty. But their romance becomes a roller coaster when a young tennis pro enters the picture. Soon a deadly plan unfolds into a nearly perfect murder. 2013-11-09
2 1997-10-24 Blood Ties (2) 6 While Pembleton is still interested in the housekeeper's ex-boyfriend, Ballard still thinks that the Wilson family needs to be looked at more closely. Also, a body is found at Camden Yards during a game between the Orioles and the A's. Falsone questions Stivers about the Mahoney shooting and that begins to make her nervous. Tensions mount because there appears to be a leak to the press within the unit about the Wilson case. Orioles' security wants the case quickly resolved. Munch and Kellerman have only 48,000 possible suspects. The victim is discovered to be a dead Yankees fan. Tim gets his old high school French teacher to help them check out the whereabouts of the housekeeper's ex-boyfriend. He is cleared because of his current incarceration in a Haitian prison, which leaves the Wilson men as more probable suspects. Are Gee and Pembleton protecting Felix Wilson because he is a prominent businessman in predominately black Baltimore, as outsider Ballard suggests? Munch and Kellerman g
writers William Rabkin
Martin Scorsese guestStars
writers Talal Derki
Tony Todd guestStars
guestStars Hillary Clinton
Sedona James guestStars
director Rob Cohen
Rene Mousseux guestStars
THE S-T-A– STAIRCASE 21 When JJ’s attempts to make a good impression on Izzy’s parents fail, he changes course to make a bad one instead. Maya is jealous when Melanie is the recipient of a public display of mom-love. Meanwhile, Kenneth leans on Jimmy for support after a tour of his alma mater reveals a few surprises. 2019-04-05 3
guestStars Gwendolyn Briley-Strand
Lisa Hammer guestStars
1978-04-01 Horace Rumpole (played by the late Leo McKern) is an untidy, ageing London barrister who defends in criminal cases. His clients rarely cut elegant figures. He is fond of red wine, poetry, and fair dealing, and is not looked on as a great success by his wife ('She Who Must Be Obeyed'). Rumpole has had a few triumphs, and the Penge Bungalow murders are often on his mind...  Rumpole shares Chambers at Number 3, Equity Court, with a mixed group of barrister colleagues, including Guthrie Featherstone (Peter Bowles) and Phyllida Trant (Patricia Hodge). He also takes pupils - notably Fiona Allways (played by Rosalyn Landor) and Liz Probert. The creator and writer of the series, Sir John Mortimer, received an Edgar Allan Poe Award for crime and mystery for Rumpole. Rumpole of the Bailey Ended
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Russ Carter guestStars
2 When Richard tries to save some villagers who are marked for death from a walking weapon of vengeance, he jeopardizes Kahlan, Zedd and Cara's lives. 2010-04-10 16 Desecrated
Patricia Hodge guestStars
2 1 2017-01-15 Jin Hyuk rushes to get to Bok Rim before it's too late. Kwon Joo compiles officers with varying expertise for her Golden Time Team. The Two-faced Healer
director Tim Hunter
directors Nick Wood
1 10 P?ter Vrba se vyd?v? na cestu po ?ech?ch s kab?tem pln?m knih, kter? rozd?v?. Jinou p?edstavu o vlastenectv? m? pan S?kora, kter? se sna?? o „reformu“ ?esk?ho jazyka. Trv? na pou??v?n? ?esk?ch slov a s?m je i vym??l?. V?k p?j?uje kn??ky a chod? k n?mu pro n? i Frantina, kter? je p?j?uje pro M?rinku, proto?e M?rinka se styd?. Franti?ek p?ijde na to, komu Frantina knihy p?j?uje. Slova? ?esk?
director Laura Shepherd
William Shriver guestStars
writers Laura Eason
2 Zedd falls victim to a mysterious spell that strips him of his memories and his old age, causing him to believe that he must replace Richard with a new Seeker. Wizard 2009-12-05 5
writers Answald Kr?ger
2 0 2019-04-26 The Best Tests: Part 1
director Andy Bichlbaum
Scoot McNairy actor
Boyd Banks guestStars
2 1 Morocco Their second stop is Morocco, where Nancy learns how to charm snakes, before Baz persuades her to take part in an off-road race, the International Rally. Later, Nancy treks across the desert for a more comfortable ride on a camel, before performing a Berber dance routine. The presenter then tests his mother's head for heights as the duo take a hot-air balloon ride across the Sahara 2014-09-01
9 1 Episode 9 2015-08-03
Deadly waters surround the Monarch when he becomes Wide Wale's prisoner. 2 The Rorqual Affair 2018-08-13 7
B.J. McQueen guestStars
guestStars Bethel Leslie
With the help of Young Jin, Won Bong carries out Count Noda's assassination. However, Miki, who was present at the event, clues into the fact that Young Jin had stopped her from ingesting the poison. Despite knowing what had happened, Miki sits and watches as Count Noda gasps for life. 1 The Assassination 2019-06-01 16
'Dharma Freedom Finkelstein-Montgomery is a free-spirited yoga instructor with an incredible knack for looking on the bright side. Raised by hippie parents, she was taught to shun convention, trust her wildest instincts, and find the joy in everyday life. Her husband, Greg Montgomery, is a conservative, Harvard-educated attorney and the yin to Dharma's yang. Married on their first date, they have remained committed to each other from day one, despite the obstacles presented by the world around them.Among those obstacles are Dharma's counterculture parents, Abby and Larry, who recently brought another bohemian bundle of joy — baby Harry — into the world. On the other side, literally, are Greg's uptight, blue-blood parents, Kitty and Edward, who've slowly but surely come to accept the fact that their son married outside the country club boundaries.  Dharma & Greg 1997-09-24 Ended
Sniper (2) 9 1996-01-12 The sniper continues the shootings and everyone returns to duty lacking sleep. The media starts to make their presence felt. Munch begins to worry about Howard's safety, fearing she'll be wounded again. Frank makes his wife wear a bulletproof vest. Gee asks for Russert's help even though Barnfather had ordered her to stand down during the rest of this investigation. A man at the scene of both of the day's shootings is put into the box for questioning. Russert has a talk with the suspect with the subject being keeping people's attention and respect. 4
Deena Lynn Rubinson guestStars
Zach sits down with Ben Stiller, star of the 'Meet the Fockers' series as well as the new movie, Greenberg. 1 8 2010-03-16 Ben Stiller
Craig Wallace guestStars
The Secret Place 21 1962-02-25 3
2008-05-05 Aerial Tram Greaser 10 Mike heads to the site of a future California neighborhood where he learns that there's more to erosion control than one might think. Then Mike gets a bird's eye view of Palm Springs as he helps maintain and repair the tram 8,500 feet above the city.  4
Charles Halford guestStars
Fay Bainter guestStars
'In America at any one time there are over 70,000 children behind bars. Kid Criminals meets children in high-security juvenile prisons who have committed shocking crimes.<http://www.channel4.com/programmes/kid-criminals Kid Criminals 2015-02-10 Ended
writers Hans Wiese
Liz Cackowski guestStars
Monty is upset when he makes a mistake constructing a paper plane, but learns that mistakes can be useful sometimes. 1 75 2017-11-03 Get it Wrong to Get it Right
writers Sutton Roley
guestStars Taborah Johnson
Don Dickenson guestStars
Rachel Schneebaum guestStars
David Hadinger guestStars
guestStars Tor Johnson
directors Ed Bye
network VPRO
1961-10-15 Vendetta 3 3
Kristen Valerio guestStars
Deception 19 1997-04-25 5 'A man transporting 72 condoms filled with heroin bound for Luther Mahoney is found dead in hotel. The department takes this opportunity to set up ''''Operation Get Luther.'''' The operation almost goes off as planned, except Luther Mahoney gets Lewis' gun and is holding it on him as Kellerman and Stivers enter. Frank and Tim agree to become partners again. Tim stops by to see his uncle. Munch takes a call from a convict who was looking to talk to Bolander. He has information on an old murder case that should be a done deal. That involves the digging up of section C of the parking lot at a racetrack. Munch discovers that the supposed victim is alive; however, he isn't that way for long.
writers Jane Smiley
writers Doc Hammer
Mark Jacobson guestStars
director Cary Fukunaga
Xippo and Xappo Xerxes take over a vacation cruise ship to use the vacationers as labor workers to make their sneakers. The Agents, with the help of a sexy Traci Momandpopadopolis, must rescue the cruisers and stop the Pegasus Games, which are being held at the same time on the fake island Phreakonos, from going awry. 1 Greek Freaks 5
writers Chad Fiveash
actor Cengiz Sezici
Michael Sinterniklaas guestStars
1 5 Tintagel, Cornwall
2015-09-30 About Finance: The Forecaster 4 3
France Nuyen guestStars
Craig Parker actor
directors Kathy Bates
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
2 Episode 4 Beverly is still besotted by John and helps him to destroy all the evidence of Simone's murder. Lucy plays with fire when she joins the local lads for a game of pool. Jo Jo wants to restart her relationship with Dr Kilbride. 1999-01-31 4
network BBC One
writers James Yoshimura
Patrick Warburton actor
directors Christine Gernon
guestStars Mark Rolston
Lee Bonner directors
directors Justus Addiss
directors Robert Scheerer
guestStars Debra Monk
2 1 Open for Diving 1960-10-03
Carol Kane guestStars
Thrill of the Kill 1995-11-10 'The squad returns to the station. The FBI joins with the detectives to stop a ''''thrill killer'''' who's working his way north on I-95. Gee tries to reconcile with his daughter. The killer smells a rat at a roadblock so he bails out of his pickup. Everyone mobilizes to find him and when they do, the suspect in custody, while identical to the killer, claims he is innocent. 4 4
Lily Knight guestStars
John Ventimiglia guestStars
William Froug writers
1 18 After leaving a note behind Maya’s back, Ray takes sides against the family when Maya dings a nearby car. Following through on a promise, Jimmy and Dylan share a moment, as father and daughter are on a search in the back room at the local supermarket while JJ teaches a rude customer a lesson, and a moonlighting Kenneth hides his side job from the DiMeos. 2017-03-15 D-I - DING
guestStars Robert Douglas
2013-11-24 Hitagi End - Part 1 18 On New Year's Day, Kaiki receives a call from Hitagi requesting for his services. After claiming that he is in Okinawa in an attempt to shake her off, Hitagi affirms that she will take a flight to meet him there, forcing him to do the same to keep his lie from being exposed and Hitagi from killing him. Once meeting at the airport, Hitagi explains their problem with Nadeko - she wants him to deceive her into letting them live as the day of their graduation and battle with her approaches. Despite seeing how Hitagi is desperate enough to resort to asking a man she loathes and that she is prepared to attend whatever demand he asks, Kaiki claims that he has no reason to help them at all before considering their connection with Gaen's niece Suruga, causing him to accept Hitagi's request.  3
John Epps guestStars
Frances de la Tour actor
actor Kim Roe-Ha
director John Crowley
Larry Drake guestStars
Paul Boocock guestStars
Amos 'n' Andy 1951-06-01 'Adapted from a popular radio comedy/drama serial, this influential sitcom features the misadventures of  Andy Brown (Spencer Williams) and George ''Kingfish'' Stevens (Tim Moore) in the big city. This landmark  series was the first on television to feature a cast of all black actors. Ended
Andy Rapoport guestStars
Robert B. Weide director
Futures 8 2013-05-23 Janet and Rachel’s friendship has been ruined. Janet attempts to stay professional, but the lack of communication between them makes things difficult. A call from MIT Command, alerting the team to Gill’s disappearance forcing Scott and Bailey to put their differences aside and work together.  3
directors Phil Traill
2 'A new restuarant in Electro City opens, Planet Electric. It's owned by Electro City's celebrities, DJ Mickus, Skip Ramsdale, and Ace Cooper. All the money earned goes to a man named Banks. Suddenly, as people were eating them, they get poisoned. Banks is the one behind this, Black Jack hired him. Ace, Skip, Mickus, and Banks are arrested. They go through a lie detector test. All answers were ''''no'''', but one of employees hired by Banks hacks into the lie dectector. When Ace's answer is negative, the alarm flased and Ace is arrested. Ace can't use his magic because he gets drugged once in a while. Cosmo gets mad, he goes to the restuarant to search for clues. While searching he hears Spade & Diamond talking about the secret of the food and that they plan to poison Banks next. Cosmo runs out while the police chase him. When he arrives at Banks' house, he gets knocked out and drugged. Meanwhile, Ace gains consciousness and escapes from jail. In the meantime, Cosmo is driving a car while drug Planet Electric 3
Yuuki Kaji actor
Suzanne Kent guestStars
Tara Strong guestStars
Things get personal when Tusk blindsides the Underwoods with a scandal. Freddy and his BBQ joint get caught up in the mix. 2 2014-02-14 9 Chapter 22
writers Julie Martin
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Jonathan Slavin guestStars
guestStars Steven Marcus
13 Chapter 39 In the midst of the Iowa caucuses, Frank and Claire must confront hard truths about each other. 2015-02-27 3
Mike goes to South Carolina and learns about shrimping.  He also helps study the shrimp population in order to find out when it's time to open the shrimping season.  Mike then goes to the swamps of Louisiana to catch some crawfish. Finally, Mike goes to Washington to clean up an illegal tire dump and recycle some tires. 1 10 Shrimper 2005-10-18
Steve Hytne guestStars
guestStars Bruce Elliott
?? ? director
Joanna P. Adler guestStars
director Tom Fontana
Paul Boocock guestStars
director Justus Addiss
Ray Anthony Thomas guestStars
2 2 2012-03-19 Secrets Part two of two. Despite arresting four people, the detectives face a wall of silence in their investigation into the grisly murders - but they eventually make a breakthrough, which doesn't quite give them the answers they were expecting. On the domestic front, Rachel wakes up in bed with charismatic colleague Sean - a mistake she is keen never to repeat - and Janet wants to keep her newly single status a secret. So the last thing she needs is daughter Taisie telling Andy about her dad moving out.
Kayla Maisonet guestStars
The four dummies complete their special trip to Iceland and back to Korea. However, the staff of Youth Over Flowers invite everyone to famous sausage restaurant in Seoul to celebrate their trip to Iceland, and hands them special gifts. Also, unrevealed scenes from the trip are ready to be aired as well! Stay tuned to check the last episode of Youth Over Flowers. 7 The Ending 2016-02-12 3
Larry David writers
1999-05-08 1 11 Rumors of plaguing a new movie being in Electro City, actors Moody Grib and Ava Cheron go to workwhen someone sabotages their helicopter and goes into a body of water, but Ace came just in time to rescue her. Cosmo goes after the sabotager's accomplice. Later after Gribs quits, Ava decides to let Ace take over the part. Ace agrees to do it only if Cosmo can be in the action too. Ava and director Oliver Rock explain the plot of the movie: The life of political journalist Jackie Monroe, a woman who mysteriously disappeared a few years earlier in an auto accident. While filming, Ace and Ava had two problems with the two same sabotagers. However, Ace and Zina caught the sabotagers and it turns out they work for Black Jack. Then, Ace gets more suspicious about Ava wondering why Black Jack wants to stop the movie and Ava Cheron really is. But before he gets the answers though, a hired sumo wrestler that worked for Black Jack causes trouble at the film party in the Electric Planet restaurant. Stars Of The Silver Screen
Genevieve Aumont guestStars
Mozartovy dvacetn?ky 1 P?ipravuje se premi?ra Dona Giovanniho. Mozart je?t? nem? dopsanou p?edehru, a tak ho na Bertramce, kde pob?v? u Du?kov?ch, pan? Josefina zamkne v pokoji, dokud ji nenap??e. Na Bertramce se s Mozartem setk? i Franti?ek, kter? m? zasko?it v ope?e ve sboru. Mozart mu d? dva dvacetn?ky. P?i p?edstaven? Lotty, sestra Pauly a here?ka, Franti?ka sv?d?, jej? pl?n se nakonec poda?? a Franti?ek ji pol?b?. Pochop? ale, ?e pro Lotty je to jen hra a je zahanben. 4
Laura Shepherd directors
Shannon Mattaro guestStars
Frank declares war on Congress to jump-start his jobs program. Claire spars with the Russian Ambassador. Chapter 31 2015-02-27 5 3
Nicholas Day guestStars
1 The funerals take place and Danny tries to discover the truth behind the tragedy, but he’s not helped by the lies of Lucy Archer. Bernie Quinlan’s passion for Father Matthew grows. 1997-09-27 Episode 3 3
directors Bill Purple
9 Shinobu Mail - Part 3 Having finally arrived at the meeting place, Koyomi and Suruga find an unexpected person waiting for them. Before their reunion can take place, they must face an unexpected foe! 4 2015-11-29
guestStars Aaron Hern
35 A look at Larry David playing the character of George. 0 Larry David as George Costanza 2010-06-10
Dana Gourrier guestStars
1 The first episode meets four sex offenders between the ages of 14 and 18 1 Episode 1 2015-02-10
director Na Young Seok
directors Morag Fullarton
Gill introduces her new sergeant to Will Pemberton, an ambitious detective superintendent on his way to the top. However, Rachel and Will have been enjoying a passionate yet discreet affair for the past few months. Will wants to go public but Rachel would prefer to keep it quiet, worried about how others might judge her. Inspired by Eleanor's happy home life, Janet determines to persevere with the dating game. But a speed dating evening proves a disaster when she realises she is unable to step out of character, and has been interviewing every man there as if he was a suspect. The case of the week involves the murder of a woman in a Manchester hotel. With only a necklace and the name Lola to go on, Syndicate 9 try to piece together her last known movements. When a witness comes forward to report a troubling sexual encounter, it seems that a hook-up site could hold the answers. 2014-10-01 A Matter of Rank 4 4
Boyd Banks guestStars
Martin Campbell directors
director Bill Purple
1 1960-04-11 Passage to Tua 26
director James Foley
writers David Mandel
Wayne Ewing director
Kaitlin Olson guestStars
writers Eric Overmyer
Michael Currie guestStars
2 Love-Bheits 2006-08-20 Baron ?nderbheit captures Team Venture when the X-1 crash lands in ?nderland while en route from a superscience costume party. Rather than execute them immediately, he inflicts an unspeakable torture upon them: they're forced to attend his wedding. Only the shadowy, disorganized ?nderground resistance group can help them escape. 7
1 The Grandfather Clock 16 1955-01-17
director Tom Fontana
Henry R. Ford guestStars
2 24 Episode 24 2017-09-14
Kyler Fisher guestStars
writers Stephen Tolkin
actor Iwan Rheon
Laurie Kennedy guestStars
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Danielle Cormack guestStars
Peter Gerety actor
writers Bonnie Mark
Jami Ferreira guestStars
24 1 1999-07-31 Virtual Fatality Ace Cooper's latest performance gives a chance to be part of the Electro City's 200th anniversary celebration. However, something goes wrong in his teleportation trick as he mysterioulsy disappears. He gets knocked out and kidnapped by two men who takes him away in a van. Cosmo searched and searched but no luck. When Vega comes and tells a replacement audition is taking place, Cosmo looks over the Ring Theater and discovers a man named Jimmy Hagen who somehow starts doing Ace's tricks perfectly. With Angel's help he learns Hagen is a decendant of one of Electro City's founding family and has been in and out of the mental hospital. While trying to figure out Hagen's moves, Cosmo and everyone else hears a shocking announcement from: He's quiting magic. Cosmo discovers the message was not really from but nobody believes him execpt for Mona. He then notices the same vehicle after Ace's dissappear. Cosmo then stows away in the van which takes directly to Hagen's home. There, Cosmo fonud the
Mary Jane has a big talk with Andre, leaving her to ponder her future. Meanwhile, friction develops between Kara and Mary Jane when Kara revamps Mark’s show; and a woman inches closer to Paul Sr. 2 1 2014-01-14 Girls Night In
R-O--ROAD T-R--TRIP 1 11 2017-01-04 The family goes on an annual impromptu family road trip, but Ray has something in store, which angers Maya when she finds out what it is.  But Maya’s relentlessness proves to be helpful when she takes control of an emergency situation involving Ray’s appendix.
guestStars Bill MacDonald
George Plimpton guestStars
Richard Binsley guestStars
Akiyuki Shimbou writers
2 2014-02-14 Chapter 17 A terror scare at the Capitol traps Francis with a resentful Donald Blythe. Claire gives a live interview that rocks the media. 4
Ann Ryerson guestStars
Larry David writers
directors Neill Fearnley
Heather Dunbar goes for the jugular, forcing Claire to confront her worst fears. The rift between Frank and Claire widens. 12 2015-02-27 Chapter 38 3
Taylor Negron guestStars
Sharon Elizabeth Doyle writers
Doc Hammer guestStars
Prudence Barry guestStars
director Salim Akil
guestStars Diva Miranda
director Timothy Hutton
Donald Losby guestStars
director ?? ?
1 As the merger of Shinhwa group and JK group begins, Junpyo and Jaekyung go out on their first date. However, Junpyo reminds of Jandi every place Jaekyung wants to go. Jaekyung senses it and asks Junpyo to kiss her as the lover. Jihoo and Jandi see this while they are talking on the stairway… Yijung witnesses his father with a woman at his workroom and has a big argument. Suffering deeply, Yijung thinks of Eunjae, his first love. Gaeul signs up for the pottery class and meets Cha Eunjae, the student teacher, in there. 17 Episode 17 2009-03-03
director Larry Charles
Mary Steenburgen guestStars
1 The Prophecy 6 1999-04-03 One dark and stormay night, a gypsy name Nasica predicts a deal going down between Black Jack and someone else. But after a lightning her trailer her crystal ball lets her see something dangerous in store for Electro City. When Black Jack discovers her authenticity, he sends Spade and Diamond after her. She runs into the basement of the Ring Theatre and hides in a storage box while Ace is performing his show. She may have escaped but not before Spade and Diamond cause trouble for Ace and Cosmo during the performance. Ace and Cosmo later find Nasica in the Magic Express, and she explains the situation. Ace has a hard time believing her story, but one piece at a time the strange story begins to get together: First the dangerous subtance in a storage box turns out to be strotium, a radium block which at present is unstable and lethal. Second, the way the city is the contaminated is by the water supply, which leads to one of the city reservoirs. Finally, Ace notices Black Jack and Dr. Park
The cricket and the spider 1 5
director Simon Delaney
1 9 Junpyo and Jandi keep fighting and making up, and they get to know each other. However, Junpyo’s excessive presents makes Jandi hard to keep up with his pace. She continues to avoid Junpyo and Jihoo comes to the swimming pool and cheers her up. Jandi and Junpyo go out on a date with Gaeul and her new boyfriend. However, Jandi and Gaeul’s boyfriend get uncomfortable to each other. Episode 9 2009-02-02
Mister Softee 9 2011-09-04 8 An ice cream truck triggers a painful childhood memory for Larry.
writers James Yoshimura
Joseph Durika guestStars
writers Bill Barrett
directors Felix Feist
Ellen Bethea guestStars
guestStars Paul Willson
Nicholas Day guestStars
network ORF 1
guestStars Terry Dawson
0 31 Koyomi Nothing 2016-03-19
8 6 2007-10-28 The N Word Larry accidentally offends Lorreta's Auntie Rae and takes advantage of Jeff's hospitalization.
writers George W. McGreevey
Garrett Kruithof guestStars
Robert Beitzel guestStars
Charles Halford guestStars
directors Felix Feist
guestStars Kevin Jiggets
Ron McCants writers
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
1956-10-05 'Zane Grey Theater was an anthology series based, mostly, on the works of Zane Grey. Grey was a writer of westerns, and this show used both his short stories and books as inspiration (works by other writers were also adapted when the Grey material ran out). Dick Powell hosted, and Harry Lubin provided the music (the song ''Way Out West'' opens and closes the show) Zane Grey Theater Ended
Beau Willimon writers
Matrio DeLeon guestStars
directors Fr?d?rique Barraja
Karl Fischer actor
Timothy Omundson guestStars
writers Tom Fontana
2 2 Aided by Henchman 21, 24, and a ragtag band of roughneck new recruits, the Monarch attempts to rebuild his villainous empire and rekindle his relationship with Dr. Girlfriend. A showdown at the local shopping mall forces his hand, and he struggles to choose between revenge and reconciliation amidst a sea of violence. Meanwhile a wounded Brock falls into the clutches of The Phantom Limb, Hank drives Brock's car, and Dr. Venture gets an eye full. Hate Floats 2006-07-02
2008-07-27 9 Now Museum, Now You Don't 'Dr. Jonas Venture Jr. builds a museum in honor of his ''father,'' and invites all of Jonas Sr.'s old friends and enemies to the grand opening. 3
director Alan Taylor
Harry Bartell guestStars
Bill Kennedy writers
Jason Alexander guestStars
guestStars Jo Jo D'Amore
director Henry Bromell
0 Whores' Glory 25 2013-10-16
1 10
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
guestStars Richard Edson
Steve Liebmann actor
12 0 2014-08-16 'Suruga realizes that the collector is in fact Rouka, and she has been collecting parts of the ''devil'' as she feeds off the misfortune of others. Her motives are questionable... Suruga Devil - Part 3
1 Monty wonders whether the Queen has perfect manners all the time, or whether even royalty slip up now and then. 30 2016-09-16 The Queen
James Tolkan guestStars
writers Erica Shelton Kodish
Wolfgang Becker directors
director Daniel Sackheim
writers Nic Pizzolatto
Radoslav Brzobohat? actor
Edward Woodward  actor
writers Julie Martin
Paul Boocock guestStars
Rod Daniels guestStars
writers Chad Fiveash
2 Laos - Part 5 2014-10-10 5
writers Charles Harper Yates
Charles Aidman guestStars
guestStars Joe Liss
2 2010-02-20 Hunger 12 To protect the Seeker, Cara proposes a deadly covenant with the ruthless Darken Rahl; Zedd's wayward brother strikes a deal with a dubious peddler of magic that might threaten Rahl's plan.
1 2008-02-03 59 Like A Pierrot Ghost ~ Neko De Drive
Lisa Hammer actor
writers Tom Fontana
Mary Harron director
director Felix Feist
The Special Section Larry's mother dies while he's shooting a film in New York City, but he doesn't find out until he returns to Los Angeles two days after the funeral. Once he's past the initial shock, Larry uses his loss as an excuse to avoid a number of unsavory invitations. Meanwhile, Richard Lewis accuses Larry of taking back his meditation mantra, and Larry plots to relocate his mother's body at the cemetery. 6 2002-10-20 3
Robert B. Weide director
writers Nic Pizzolatto
director James Yoshimura
guestStars Michael York
directors Sutton Roley
directors James Yoshimura
guestStars Claes Malmberg
writers Anya Epstein
Conrad Dunn actor
Brilane Bowman guestStars
writers Doc Hammer
guestStars Andrea Frankle
Christopher Berry guestStars
2016-02-20 0 27 Koyomi Tea
directors Robert Florey
Peter Gerety guestStars
Louis B. Murray guestStars
guestStars Kevin Conroy
Robert B. Weide directors
Erol Nowak actor
director Osamu Nabeshima
David Maldonado guestStars
directors James Nielson
directors Bryan Gordon
Seth Green guestStars
guestStars Allan Wasserman
Christopher Tarjan guestStars
writers Carrie Rosen
Larry David writers
0 Presenting document Searching for Sugarman 2013-10-09 20
writers Helmuth Ashley
2 2014-10-01 5 About Finnishness
1 0 Mike Rowe revisits some his previous jobs involving animals and talks about some of the behind the scenes action. Mike looks at clips from when he was a pig farmer, a chick sexer, a pet groomer, a horse breeder, and finally an ostrich farmer.  2005-12-13 Dirtiest Animals
1 2004-10-09 10 Always short on cash, Dr. Venture decides to unload some of his father's old scientific equipment in a huge yard sale that attracts fellow scientists and super-villains alike. Everyone is supposed to be on their best behavior, but The Monarch can't resist the temptation to wreak havoc once he finds himself inside the 'belly of the beast'...nor can he find a bathroom. Tag Sale - You're It!
13 Chapter 65 2017-05-30 In the wake of a surprising announcement, everything at the White House is shaken up. A decision must be made about whether to go to war.  5
Presenting document War Photographer 0 2014-09-24 61
James L. Bland guestStars
directors Salim Akil
2 Poo Pot Maker 2007-01-16 'Mike first goes to northern California to count dead salmon.  Mike opens up the mail bag and answers a viewer's question about the snake researcher segment.  Just when Mike thought he had seen it all, he visits a cow farm in Connecticut that specializes in making gardening pots out of cow manure. 3
P?ivi Uljas guestStars
Jason Evers guestStars
director Sutton Roley
Hazel Court guestStars
1 7 1984-06-13 The power of Milton's lyrical poetry and great epic, Paradise Lost. Featured performer: Ian Richardson. Milton, 1608-1674
2 1 Eccentric millionaire Rachel Bruner arrives at Wolfe's doorstep with an extraordinary offer, a disturbing story of harassment, and an FBI tail. Only after Wolfe takes the case does a murder comes to light. As the story unfolds, however, it becomes clear that the Bureau is not guilty - in this case, anyway - and their reluctant cooperation is essential to capturing a killer. 2001-04-22 The Doorbell Rang (2)
0 8 Summary II 2013-09-15 This episode summarizes the events of the Mayoi Jiangshi episodes
1 Episode 3 2015-07-13 3
Brown Cardwell guestStars
2019-06-09 10 Is Your Life All Right? The team arrives at Dr. Hwang's Clinic and apprehends Choo Dong Goo, who has been causing a scene. Dong Goo claims Doctor Hwang hid his soon-to-be-wife, Se Mi, and something horrible has happened to her. Although Kang Woo said he wouldn't meddle in today's case, he spots blood in the operation room. He realizes something is off and thinks Se Mi got kidnapped. (Source: Viu) 3
Nicky Gaudagni guestStars
Allan Gray guestStars
Laura Silverman guestStars
guestStars Vincent Miller
writers John Kneubuhl
Perry Anzilotti guestStars
Akiyuki Shimbou directors
1 56 Like A Pierrot V ~ Sponge Bridge II 2008-02-03
Michael Sinterniklaas guestStars
Beau Willimon writers
Dan Holden writers
1 Chet's Shirt 2002-09-15 Larry and Jeff invest in a restaurant with actor Ted Danson. In lieu of attending his dentist's dinner party, Larry decides to shop for waiters' uniforms, and in the process buys matching shirts for Ted and himself. But after Danson realizes his shirt has a small rip in it, he demotes Larry in The Wizard of Oz scene they're re-enacting for his daughter's birthday party (Larry refuses to switch from the Lion to the Tin Man). At the party, little Jill Danson misses the pi?ata and hits Larry in the mouth with her bat. Following an emergency visit to his dentist (who learned why Larry had skipped the dinner party), Larry is left with two abnormally large front teeth and one clean shirt that both he and Ted covet. 3
writers Doc Hammer
2009-07-03 1 1 After Koyomi Araragi catches his classmate, Hitagi Senjougahara, when she fell down some stairs, he makes a strange discovery about her. Trying to keep her secret Hitagi attacks Koyomi. However, he has a secret of his own and might be able to help her. Hitagi Crab - Part 1
Ben Stiller guestStars
David M. Barsky guestStars
Buoy Cleaner 2008-01-29 4 4 Mike Rowe gets dirty in Oregon making shingles and then jumps on a Coast Guard ship to clean dirty buoys.
writers James Stoteraux
2 Karen Bee - Part 5 Tsukihi and Tsubasa tell Araragi about the meeting between Karen and Kaiki Deishuu, who infects Karen with the Wreathe-Fire Bee after a monologue about his beliefs on the importance of money. After Tsubasa leaves, Araragi helps to freshen up a still spirited Karen, who doesn’t want to pass on the fever to him. When Araragi asks Shinobu about it, he realizes that the curse can actually be passed onto him to cure Karen. 5 2012-02-04
writers Frank Pugliese
Return to Malice Henchman 21 kidnaps the Venture brothers without The Monarch's knowledge or consent, resulting in Sgt. Hatred having to storm his former hometown of Malice to rescue his charges. We also learn of the recent activities of 21 since the death of 24. 2009-11-08 4 4
directors Tom Fontana
Ingrid Rogers guestStars
Derek Basco guestStars
Jonathan Harvey guestStars
Larry Charles director
13 1 Hyehwa Boutique Prosecutor Fukuda suspects information was leaking from Oda's office to Matsuura. After disclosing what he had found to Oda, he sets up a trap to flush out the rat. Meanwhile, Won Bong makes contact with the provisional government's secret hideout and asks for nitroglycerin. 2019-05-25
director Bill Purple
writers Raf Green
Home is Where the Hate Is 2008-06-22 4 With the Monarch busy settling into his new home with his wife, a new villain arises to arch Dr. Venture. 3
Wayne Best guestStars
2 1 When the Kazoops car breaks down, Monty wonders whether you can have can have a fun day out without ever leaving your home. 2016-06-21 Backyard Beach
writers Allen Balter
1 Porno Gil 2000-10-29 'Larry and Cheryl attend the party of a former porn star. Larry must remove all ''''belongings'''' of Jeff's before his wife finds them. 3
1 1972-02-16 4
Paul Tripp guestStars
1 2004-09-04 Eeney, Meeney, Miney...Magic! Dr. Venture's new experiment has the entire family interested -not to mention trapped inside! The Ventures' strange new neighbor, master of mysticism Dr. Orpheus, may be the only one who can help them escape. Meanwhile Dean falls for Dr. Orpheus's teen aged daughter and Brock falls for his old flame: Molotov Cocktease. 5
Deborah Theaker guestStars
director Bill Duke
2014-09-10 56 0 Special Guests: Niklas Meltio and Aleksi Neuvonen
David Wurawa actor
1 All Right For Other People 1969-05-29 31
Pig farmer, removing chewing gum from sidewalks (New York City), pigeon droppings removal (New York City)  1 Pig Farmer 2005-08-09 3
Stephanie Roth Haberle guestStars
guestStars John Healey
Madame Spivy guestStars
Bryan Gordon directors
directors J?rgen Goslar
2 1 1984-05-09 Humor, adventure, faith, and violence in Anglo-Saxon poetry, including Beowulf. Featured performers: Nicholas Gecks and Julian Glover. Old English
guestStars Mikko Hypp?nen
1961-06-12 2 34 Beach Head
Jeffrey C. Westby guestStars
Cynthia Watros guestStars
Wu's on First? A new Baltimore Sun reporter gets into the middle of Frank's investigation of the death of a county cop who was shot because of drugs. Gee likes her style. Mike's brothers, Drew and Greg, come to town, who want to take him and his boat to Miami to set up a charter service. Mike learns that they are on the run from a bookie that Drew owes $18,000. To pay that debt, they've stolen Babe Ruth's Baltimore uniform from another bookie with the intent of selling it. Lewis and Cox go in search of the Kellerman boys. They find them in jail where they spent the night after trying to return the uniform. 5 1997-02-07 15
Margaret O'Brien guestStars
director Alan Smithee
director David Fincher
1 2017-02-05 6 Kyung Il reveals to Kwon Joo that he witnessed her father's murder. Jin Hyuk and Kwon Joo go off on their own, feeling closer than ever to finding the perpetrator. The Secret of the Trash House - Eyes Inside the Wall (1)
1 2015-08-31 17 Episode 17
Heather Van Zee guestStars
Sarah Niles actor
2 2015-07-05 Paul works the prostitute angle, while Frank receives the first casualty in a secret war, and steps back into a world he’d left behind. Maybe Tomorrow 3
writers Bonnie Mark
writers Philip B. Epstein
Carrie Aizley guestStars
writers Danny Chun
Lloyd Goodman guestStars
Nadeko Snake - Part 2 1 2009-09-11 10 Oshino informs Koyomi that Nadeko is under the effects of a Snake Constrictor, a snake spirit that slowly constricts the life out of its victim. Nadeko explains that it is a curse a classmate placed on her after Nadeko inadvertently rejected the confession of a boy the classmate liked. Normally, a curse placed by an amateur would be harmless, but Nadeko accidentally made the curse worse by performing her ritual at the shrine, which has been corrupted by Shinobu's presence. Koyomi obtains a special charm that will banish the Snake Constrictor and they return to the shrine. While the ritual is seemingly successful, Koyomi realizes that Nadeko is under the attack of two Snake Constrictors, the second being placed by the rejected boy. While the first one is banished, Koyomi is forced to battle the second to keep it from killing Nadeko. He and Kanbaru manage to chase it off, but Koyomi feels guilty for not being able to destroy it, as the Snake Constrictor will return to the person who originally placed the curse.
directors Tom Fontana
Suruga Monkey - Part 1 1 2009-08-09 6 On his way to Hitagi's house, Koyomi bumps in to Suruga Kanbaru, the school's basketball star and an old friend of Hitagi, of whom he can't get rid of. Later that day, Koyomi is attacked by a mysterious being.
actor Kaori Mizuhashi
writers Yukito Kizawa
guestStars Sue Gilad
Gail Kobe guestStars
Portia Thomas guestStars
Jane Piper guestStars
Bryan Gordon directors
David Redmon director
1 Jin Hyuk and Kwon Joo sneak into Tae Gu's killing lair, unaware Dae Shik is inside. Can they capture the crazed murderer before he escapes? Find out in the thrilling series finale. 2017-03-12 For the Last Golden Time (2) 16
directors Bernard Girard
'This series Is based on the real-life story of New Jersey detective David Toma. Toma was a master of disguise and undercover work. Stories revolved the cases he solved during his years on the police force. When Tony Musante quit the show, ABC decided to continue the series with Robert Blake in the lead. The show was revamped and retitled Baretta. Toma Ended
director Tim McCann
2016-03-04 10 As Frank deals with a new threat to his candidacy, Claire has doubts about their plan. Claire faces a difficult decision concerning her mother. Chapter 49 4
directors Christine Gernon
Mark Kunerth writers
writers James Yoshimura
1 9 Won Bong and Young Jin arrive safely in North Manchuria and meet Yoo Tae Joon. Won Bong warns him that his whereabouts is known and asks him if he would allow his bomb technician to go back to Gyeongseong with him. Meanwhile, back in Gyeongseong, Matsurra assembles a task force team, Special Duty Team One, and learn of the hospital director's death. 2019-05-18 Two Paths, One Destination
director Justus Addiss
director Laura Shepherd
20 A convict is released from prison and begins to get his revenge on Frank by frustrating the investigation he is currently working on and also by terrorizing his wife. 1995-05-05 3 The Gas Man
1 1 Zach puts Michael Cera, the Superbad and Juno star in the hot seat for this special Comedy Death-Ray interview. 2008-01-04 Michael Cera
directors Bryan Gordon
Martha Thimmesch guestStars
director Theodor Gr?dler
writers Elizabeth Beckwith
directors Cherie Nolan
directors Gary Fleder
When Maya insists that it’s time to meet Izzy, a reluctant JJ arranges a game night for his family and new girlfriend. Ray tries to help on the big night, but his attention to detail puts a major crimp in JJ’s evening. Meanwhile, Dylan and Kenneth let their appetites get the better of them. G-A-- GAME N-I-- NIGHT 2019-02-22 15 3
Ola Forssmed guestStars
Robert B. Weide director
guestStars Martin Landau
Nicolas Noblitt guestStars
Sewer Inspector 2 1 Sewer inspector, disaster cleanup crew member (basement sewer), demolition worker (office building interior)  2005-08-02
guestStars Clement E. Blake
guestStars Robert E. Collier
network Netflix
13 1 The Disappearance of Donald Mackay 'A small group of local criminals, with mafia connections, were making vast fortunes in the famous NSW Riverina irrigation district from marijuana plantations. Corrupt police and a vast bribery network had kept the drug barons immune from prosecution until Donald Mackay's campaign finally led to raids by the State drug squad and several local marijuana growers were arrested and fined.During their trial the police informant was named publicly as Donald Mackay. Infuriated by the loss of more than $40 million, the leaders of the Griffith mafia, including the notorious Robert Aussie Bob Trimbole, put out a contract for Mackay's murder. Trimbole was shot in the car park of a Griffith hotel on a Friday night in July, 1977. The murder scene was awash with his blood and evidence showed he was shot a number of times from behind and his body then dumped into a car boot and driven away. Intensive investigations by police and even a Royal Commission have failed to locate it.   2005-08-01
Paul Boocock guestStars
directors Nic Pizzolatto
Chris Noth guestStars
writers Scott Lasser
2 2002-06-30 12 After Nero turns down a request for help, the man is murdered. More troubling than that is that now Wolf is the one being threatened. In order to buy some time Nero hires a body double, but will that be enough to keep him safe until he finds the killer? Help Wanted, Male
Costa Rica 1 2016-09-26 Baz and his fearless mother Nancy are joined by three other mammies to take on some of the world's most death-defying stunts and challenges. 3
directors Akiyuki Shinbo
Rudolf Jugert directors
guestStars Andy Samberg
2 29 1961-05-08 Adam San
guestStars Tom Quinn
Saki Miata guestStars
Blood Wedding Frank gets his first case as a primary-- unfortunately it is a case that involves the shooting of Danver's fianc?e. Danvers is concerned about Frank being the primary and keeps throwing his opinions into the investigation. Danvers changes his perspective on the death penalty and also reflects on his past performance in many of the cases he's tried. Brodie continues to look for housing; the latest place he tried staying was the morgue. Kellerman is discouraged when it appears as though Cox may have only been looking for a one-night stand and nothing more-- so he takes a sick day. Gee takes some time out of his day to have a talk with Kellerman's former partners to see where they stand with him in regard to their testimonies to the grand jury. He also sees the Deputy Commissioner to see what can be done for Kellerman; what he learns instead are some truths about the Gaffney promotion. 1996-12-13 10 5
Forrest Lewis guestStars
Jihu finds out Jandi’s whereabouts. He expects Junpyo to come with him, but Junpyo disappoints Jihoo again by refusing to go. Jandi arrives at the fishing village, but people expect her as the fianc? of the heir of Shinhwa Group. When it reveals as false, Jihu suddenly appears in front of her and settles the situation. Jihu declares his feeling for Jandi that he suppressed for long time and Junpyo looks at them from far back.. and suddenly! 2009-03-30 24 1 Episode 24
2 1 1980-05-08
Joey Luthman guestStars
director Nick Wood
director James Nielson
Jayne Eastwood guestStars
Car Trip 1 64 Monty is surprised that his mum doesn't find her job exciting, and wonders if things become dull if they you do them every day. 2017-10-19
Paul Reiser guestStars
John Coles directors
Unbeatable Banzuke 'Unbeatable Banzuke is a ''crazy'' Japanese game show. It comprises of 20 challenging obstacle courses varying from doing hand stands to riding bikes. 2008-02-03 Ended
6 The Shepherds push Claire on a Supreme Court nomination. Doug works to find a new path for himself. Claire consults with Jane on Syria. Chapter 68 2018-11-02 3
Saori Hayami actor
Kate Barnow writers
writers Henry Bromell
Brian Tarantia guestStars
2012-04-04 Many people are falling prey to a suspicious new religion. Lupin III infiltrates this group, hoping to steal the treasure their leader keeps hidden. There Lupin lays eyes on the beautiful, bewitching, woman who has the cult leader enthralled. This is the story of how fashionable female thief Fujiko Mine first met Lupin III, the greatest thief of their generation. Lupin the Third: The Woman Called Fujiko Mine Ended
guestStars Parvene Farhoody
Susan Oliver guestStars
guestStars James Urbaniak
directors Tom Fontana
directors Chris Martin-Jones
Hazel Court guestStars
Dori Legg guestStars
Mark Griffin guestStars
Monty is struggling to make a huge gift for Jimmy Jones and starts to wonder if the best things might come in small packages. 1 45 2017-05-05 Big and Small
guestStars Mike Kellin
Larry David directors
directors Stefan Schwartz
2 Murder is Corny 5 2002-05-05 A model frames Archie for the murder of a delivery boy, who was supposed to bring him Wolf's specially picked corn, and Archie doesn't have an alibi. Who killed the delivery boy and why?
Kelsey Fowler guestStars
Ray Walston guestStars
1 Feast of Fools 11 As Goemon tries to look after Fujiko, Oscar disguises himself as Fujiko and frames her for various perfect crimes in an attempt to gain Zenigata's favour.  2012-06-13
1 9 Like A Pierrot ~ Seesaw 60 ~ Daruma 7 2008-02-03
Eliza Shin guestStars
director Jeremy Saulnier
Bjarte Ylvis?ker actor
Michael Cera guestStars
1 The Tiki is chartered to search for poet Francois Villon's legendary island hideaway. But one passenger seems to have more than a historical interest in the place. 22 There Is An Island 1960-03-14
2000-03-05 1 0 'Nero Wolfe is consulted by a boy, a street kid named Peter Drossos, who makes a profession out of wiping the windshields of parked cars with a rag. While wiping one car in particular, he sees a woman wearing golden spider earrings mouth ''''Help, get a cop'''' The Golden Spiders
Rozalun Browne guestStars
Law and Disorder 1995-02-24 Pembleton receives an extradited prisoner from New York City Detective Logan. Bayliss is put in charge of investigating the death of Gordon Pratt, but gets no cooperation from anyone on the force. Beau wants to return to active duty. A woman recognizes Munch from an old picture that is hanging in an art gallery across from the precinct. To Munch's embarassment he discovers that an old girlfriend, who's a photographer, is displaying an old picture of him in the buff at her gallery showing. Pembleton and Meldrick investigate a random shooting of a woman, and they clash over where the weapon may have been fired. They also find a woman who's shot her boyfriend and stuffed him in the freezer. Beau accompanies Gee on an investigation and must come to grips with his inability to look at a dead body the same way. 15 3
directors Paul Stanley
Donald Neal guestStars
writers Herbert Reinecker
Lee Ha-Na actor
Robert B. Weide directors
director Tristam Shapeero
2000-11-28 '''Once and Again'' focuses on the relationship between a divorced man, Rick Sammler (Bill Campbell) and a soon to be divorced woman, Lilly Manning (Sela Ward). Both have kids and between the struggles of being a single parent and careers they often find it difficult to spend time together. The show is unique in letting the viewer into the character's minds through brief ''interviews'' mixed throughout the episode. Once and Again Ended
directors Nick Wood
directors Sarah Pia Anderson
writers David Mandel
Marc John Jefferies guestStars
Pat LaBorde guestStars
guestStars Claes Malmberg
guestStars Kelsey Scott
director Robert Florey
Shalaby Omar guestStars
Star Blazers 1977-10-01 '''Star Blazers'' is an American animated television series adaptation of the popular Japanese anime series ''Space Battleship Yamato.'' In the year 2199, a starship must make a dangerous voyage to the distant planet Iscandar and back to save Earth from an alien invasion. The show consists of three television seasons. Each an English-language adaption of its Japanese counterpart ''Space Battleship Yamato''. Star Blazers was first broadcast in the United States in 1979. It was the first popular English-translated anime that had a story arc that required the episodes to be shown in order. It dealt with somewhat more mature themes than other productions aimed at the same target audience of that time. As a result, it paved the way for future ''arc-based, plot-driven anime translations. Ended
Curran Walters guestStars
director Tomoyuki Itamura
Ted Harbert guestStars
actor Zeljko Ivanek
director Alik Sakharov
Tania Nolan guestStars
'In February 1986, nurse Anita Cobby, a former entrant in the Miss Australia quest, is walking home from Blacktown station in Sydney's outer-western suburbs. A Holden sedan pulls up and Anita is dragged into the vehicle. She is taken to a lonely spot where five young men take turns to bash and rape her. Finally her throat is cut, almost severing her head, and her body is left in a paddock.The five men are later caught and convicted of these despicable crimes and sent to jail for life, their papers are marked ''never to be released''. But something positive will come out of this appalling and deeply disturbing story, as Anita's grieving parents begin a support group for the families of murder victims, offering comfort and mutual help for more than 1000 loved ones of homicide victims. The Anita Cobby Murder 1 8 2005-08-01
directors Erin O'Malley
Abigail Marlowe guestStars
actor Jana Brejchov?
writers Jorge Zamacona
Kath Soucie actor
guestStars Vinta Morgan
Joey Daniels guestStars
Akiyuki Shimbou writers
guestStars Frank Overton
director Justin Lin
Stephen Colbert guestStars
1 2009-07-24 Mayoi Snail - Part 2 After Koyomi Araragi and Hitagi Senjyogahara discover that the girl they met in the park, Mayoi Hachikuji, is trying to get to her mother's house, they offer to walk along with her. However, they keep getting incredibly lost. 4
Griffin Dunne guestStars
John Stocker guestStars
Lance Burton guestStars
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
writers Shana Goldberg-Meehan
actor Marc Donato
Collins Harris guestStars
guestStars Julie Payne
Michael Gaston guestStars
1 2019-05-11 The Third Golden Time! 3 Kang Kwon Joo is still recovering from the explosion that severely injured her. Do Kang Woo is missing even when the police have been searching for him for eight months. Out of the blue, the Golden Time Team gets a phone call from the Consulate of Korea in Osaka about Kang Woo’s police ID in a crime scene. Kwon Joo and the dispatch team members fly over to Japan in a hurry. (Source: Viu)
1 How does a community form? How does it survive and adapt to change? The role myths and legends have played in establishing the rules of society and the punishments for those who break them. 5 Change & Revolution 2017-12-23
2 Era of Hate: For the Golden Time Team! 12 Holding an icebox dripping with blood, Bang Je Soo turns himself in at the police station. Kang Woo suspects Bang Je Soo’s ulterior motive but has no choice to let him enter the station. As expected, Bang Je Soo’s plan is executed leaving behind severally injured detectives as he walks out of the station as calmly as he had walked in. The final battle between Dr. Fabre and the Golden Time Team unfolds. 2018-09-16
6 2019-04-05 Episode 6 3
Leo C. Richmond guestStars
Ann Guilford-Grey guestStars
2013-09-22 10 Fully transformed into an aparition, Nadeko confronts Shinobu and a battered Koyomi who attack with the intention of killing her, and envious of their relationship, she stabs Koyomi's heart. The story then retrocedes to some days before, in Halloween, when Nadeko, on her way to school has a short encounter with Ougi Oshino, Meme Oshino's nephew, who is also a first year student Koyomi's high school. For some reason, Ougi claims that it is about time for Nadeko to stop always playing the victim before she leaves. At her school, Nadeko starts having visions of white snakes and calls Koyomi for advice, and they agree to meet at 10 PM at his house, as by that time Shinobu must be awake to provide some help. Soon after, Nadeko hears the voice of a snake instructing her to meet it at the shrine where she used to kill snakes instead and there it reveals itself as the giant apparition snake, Kuchinawa, who demands compensation for its fellow white snakes she killed by asking for a favor, to which she agrees.  Nadeko Medusa - Part 1 3
?? ? directors
writers Henry Bromell
12 Feeling Conflicted Since Kara is having a tough time in arbitration with her wrongful termination claim, Mary Jane and Justin decide not to confess that they're seeing each other. 4 2017-07-25
Taunya L. Martin guestStars
writers Stephen Tolkin
57 1 Seabed Sleepover 2017-07-18 Monty is going for a sleepover, but he is worried about being away from Jimmy Jones.
1 Judith 17 1960-02-01
William Froug writers
Mark Pellington directors
'Kristina ''Keyyo'' Petrushina guestStars
Eddie Pepitone guestStars
writers Scott Silveri
Nina Hellman guestStars
Piggy Portrait 1 Monty and Gran paint portraits of Jimmy Jones, but when Monty looks at Gran's and sees that it doesn't look much like real life, Monty wonders whether all paintings have to look like the things being painted. 2016-07-08 15
writers Sam Ross
directors Peter Medak
Bob Einstein guestStars
guestStars Matthew Sharp
1 12 'Hitagi and Koyomi are having lunch. Her teases him and roughly ''asks'' him to go on a date. He comes late but Hitagi doesn't seem to mind. Her father drives them to a location where Hitagi teases him more. She leaves him with her father where at first Koyomi was nervous. Her father goes on talking about how he isn't there for her often and asks Koyomi to take cake of her. Hitagi blindfolds him and then shows him an area where a blanket is laid on the ground. They lay down and she tells him that the stars are all she has rest to give him. She tells him that she loves him and Koyomi returns the same feelings. She asks him to kiss her.  2009-09-25 Tsubasa Cat - Part 2
directors Jun Ki Sang
Vernon DeVinney guestStars
Jr. guestStars
J.D. Evermore guestStars
1 The Divorce 8 2011-07-10 Larry learns his lawyer isn't kosher, and rescinds a cookie order from the Girl Scout daughter of a beleaguered sports owner.
Giancarlo Esposito actor
director Jace Alexander
1 2016-09-12 Monty discovers he is the only one in the family who can't whistle, but wonders if with practice you can perfect anything. The Incredible Kazoops 26
Simon remembers his mother's experiments with the occult and his grandmother's return from a mental hospital, which saw her change rather radically from the nicest granny in the world. Featuring conjoined twins and a bingo caller. 1 2008-10-16 How I Got My Beads 3
Liz Robertson guestStars
7 Larry makes an enemy of Christian Slater at Ted and Mary's anniversary party, but gets his payback while at a restaurant with an old flame. Meanwhile, Larry's doctor gives him his personal number and soon regrets it. 2009-10-11 4 The Hot Towel
Continuing Between Two Ferns with Zach Galifianakis is an interview series on Funny or Die hosted by Zach Galifianakis. Zach conducts interviews with popular celebrities between two potted ferns. Between Two Ferns with Zach Galifianakis 2008-01-04
9 The Jordan Valley erupts in chaos as Frank's campaign is picking up steam. Claire gets disturbing intel and counsels him. 2015-02-27 Chapter 35 3
guestStars Kristin Booth
James Tolkan guestStars
guestStars Rachelle Diedericks
director Jeff Garlin
Larry David writers
directors Simon Delaney
actor Mike Rowe
Juano Hernandez guestStars
directors Carl Franklin
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
guestStars Erica Van Wagener
director Rob Cohen
guestStars Christopher McCulloch
Larry David writers
Doug Roberts guestStars
writers Danielle Sanchez-Witzel
Shelley Stokes guestStars
James Hong guestStars
2 2018-03-07 Ray is miserable after breaking up with Taylor. When Maya cheers him up with a day out, Ray has a plan of his own. Meanwhile, JJ is nervous about his first friend date with Aaron, so Dylan offers to make sure everything goes smoothly; however, it’s everything but smooth. And Kenneth teaches Jimmy how to be the one in charge at home. 15 U-N-- UNFORGETTABLE P-A-- PAIN
Jessie Franks guestStars
director James Foley
Mark DeCarlo guestStars
Sharon Ziman guestStars
0 33 2013-11-06 Special Guest: Alo J?riloo
9 The Table Read 7 Larry is miffed at both Marty Funkhouser's sudden presence on set during the Seinfeld reunion's table read and text messages from the nine-year-old daughter of a co-worker. Leon poses as a dead doctor to alleviate Michael Richards' concerns over his Groat's Disease diagnosis. 2009-11-15
Tsubasa Tiger - Part 5 In her letter to the cat spirit, Tsubasa reveals that just like her, Kako is another apparition sired by her repressed feelings, this time of jealousy and asks her to return both to her heart, as she is finally determined to shoulder all of her negative feelings no matter how it will change herself. As Kako is about to burn Hitagi's apartment, Tsubasa appears to confront it. Despite having no chance to defeat Kako, Tsubasa manages to stall it long enough to Koyomi to appear and defeat it with Heartspan. Before absorbing both the cat and tiger spirit, Tsubasa finally confesses her love for Koyomi, and as expected, he rejects her, assuming that his love for Hitagi is stronger. After her family finally rents another house for them to live, it is revealed that Tsubasa's hair developed white stripes just like a tiger, that she hides by dying them black, and she had at last asked her parents for a room just for herself, as a sign that she finally had become a true member of her own family.  2013-08-04 5 3
directors Ida Lupino
Simon Bennett guestStars
director Alan Taylor
director Paul Stanley
writers Nic Pizzolatto
David Simon writers
Linda Dano guestStars
Gary Lee Leventhal guestStars
George Buza guestStars
June Thorne guestStars
Courtney Cronin guestStars
2017-04-17 1 Daydreamer Monty 31 Monty is dreaming up fantastical ways to get the new piano upstairs, but his family tell him that daydreaming won't help solve real problems.
directors Kathryn Bigelow
Paavo Pylkk?nen guestStars
'Lupin and Jigen have their sights set on a treasure worth stealing called the Little Comet which is located in the country of East Doroa. The country has fortified its border after a singer named Queen Malta got assassinated in the neighboring country of West Doroa upon visit.Despite the two countries being enemies, Lupin and Jigen still plan to steal the treasure. During the heist, Jigen almost got killed by a skilled sniper named Yael Okuzaki. His specialty is preparing tombstones for his targets before executing his kills. Its said that no one has survived after Yael makes a grave for that target. 1 0 2014-06-21 Daisuke Jigen's Gravestone, Part 1
Clark Johnson directors
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Chen Yao actor
directors Jun Ki Sang
Peter Mensah guestStars
guestStars Harry Murphy
guestStars Evette Dabney
1999-10-28 8 Aspiring artist Ralph finds a magic pencil that allows him to put life into his drawings and take revenge on the bullies who have been harassing him, but revenge isn't as sweet as he thought. Drawn and Quartered 3
'Mike heads to the Dirty Potato Chips factory and learns how potato chips are made and what it takes to keep the machines used to make them clean and in working order. Then it?s off to Rifle, CO where Mike attempts to clean a ''monster'' hidden underground. 17 Dirty Chip Maker 2008-10-14 4
Suzy Nakamura guestStars
directors Don Scardino
9 2017-05-30 Petrov tries to influence affairs in the U.S. Jane discusses her agenda with Claire. With her job at stake, Leann reaches out to a reporter for help. Chapter 61 5
writers Noel Behn
director Garth Maxwell
Robert Foulk guestStars
2007-09-16 Sweet Relationship Bai Hui has a refined palate that allows her to enjoy every wonderful texture and taste different cuisines have to offer. Ever since little, food has been the centre of her world. It celebrated her college graduation and consoled her when her beloved father passed away. Her love for eating ignites passion in the heart of a genius chef, Zi Tian, who never found joy in food.  Ended
Larry David writers
1 2013-06-03 Freddie and Stuart invite Ash and his new, apparently perfect, girlfriend Chloe to dinner. Violet is having some difficulty with her lover in Buenos Aires. Dinner Party 5
Gabrielle Haugh guestStars
Beau Willimon writers
writers Stephen Tolkin
guestStars Lofton Shaw
1 19 To protect his realm from the D’Harans, King Gregor persuades the sorcerer Shota to transform him into a vicious beast at sundown each day. But it leads to a dillema for Richard, when that viciousness takes an unintended and tragic turn. Cursed 2009-05-02
Sedona James guestStars
Peter Mensah guestStars
Meeri Koutaniemi guestStars
directors Rob Cohen
Vikram Gandhi director
director Justus Addiss
guestStars Gwendolyn Briley-Strand
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
guestStars Monroe Thomas
guestStars Shirley Prestia
2014-08-15 1 Peru - Part 3 3
Na Young Seok directors
Howard Hoover guestStars
2 1994-09-24 'In ''Myth Conceptions'', an archaeologist discovers the tomb of Medusa and learns the hard way why others before him have died trying to find it. 5 Myth Conceptions
directors Tomoyuki Itamura
Leslie Silva guestStars
Ed Johnson guestStars
writers Tom Fontana
Martha Caveny guestStars
The detectives investigate the murder of a wealthy man whose double life left him vulnerable to exploitation. Away from work, Rachel's recent moment of indiscretion threatens to come back to haunt her when a confused Sean takes a phone call from her one-night stand, and after Ade is pushed into living with his girlfriend on a permanent basis, Janet asks her mother to move in. Thin Ice 2013-04-17 3 3
Heather Van Zee guestStars
1 Strong Mama ~ Banzai 90 53 2008-02-03
Pat Colby guestStars
directors James Yoshimura
guestStars Rob Stefaniur
Toufuyashi writers
Noah Urrea guestStars
0 29 Presenting document The Substance 2013-10-30
Michael Pertwee writers
Marcel Hillaire actor
actor Reed Birney
R.F. Daley guestStars
Ann Rollins guestStars
writers Bill Cain
director Jun Ki Sang
guestStars Christopher McCulloch
guestStars Lee Tergesen
Julianna Margulies guestStars
0 The World Before Her 2013-11-20 38
To Have and to Kill After young lovers Deborah and Steven Brown are married, his erratic and malicious side emerges to torment his wife and their kids for the next 16 years. But trying to escape Steven's wrath proves treacherous for Deborah, and those willing to help. 2016-02-13 6 3
0 Ricky Gervais Meets Larry David 30 2006-01-05
directors Carl Franklin
director Nick Wood
Manuel Rubey actor
Hwang Sang-kyung guestStars
Clare Holman actor
0 41 About a Woman (2) with Diva Miranda 2013-11-27
Doc Hammer guestStars
Mo Collins guestStars
2016-01-16 0 22 Koyomi Flower
Charisma Carpenter guestStars
2 This chilling CIA episode details the long and difficult investigation which began with the disappearance of 18-year-old secretary Sarah Spiers from a night club in the up-market Perth suburb of Claremont on Australia Day, 1996. The new information has been kept secret by police until now for fear its release could jeopardise the investigation.  Now, for the first time, it's being shown to the public and viewers will be asked to look closely and to call Crimestoppers if they believe they can help. 2008-08-28 7 Hunt for a Killer: The Claremont Murders
Elvis Han actor
2 Features the Indian Bridegroom Detective and a tribute to Hollywood's 'Blacked-Up Men' Episode 3 1998-11-27 3
Jill Ritchie guestStars
0 Special Guest: Sasu Laukkonen 2013-09-25 15
When brothers Richard and Stephen improperly dispose of the toxic waste from their failed Science Fair Project in a nearby bog, it comes back to haunt them in the form of a Bog Blob. 1999-09-23 3 Waste Not, Haunt Not 3
Leech Trapper Mike teams up with the boys from Bartos Bait & Fish to catch leeches that will later be sold for fish bait. Then it's off to the Green Tripe factory in Hollister, CA where Mike helps make BARF (Biologically Appropriate Raw Food) for dogs. 2008-10-28 19 4
director Ida Lupino
writers Gary Janetti
Jeffrey C. Westby guestStars
1 1 When the Venture Family visits Tijuana for a lecture Dr. Venture is giving at the (community) University of Mexico, the dastardly Monarch weaves a cocoon of villainy that leaves the Venture brothers trapped in his clutches, Dr. Venture kidney-less and Brock...dead? If only Dr. Venture would return the Monarch's calls... 2004-08-07 Dia de Los Dangerous!
David Koechner guestStars
Ian Gomez guestStars
Marsha Moreau guestStars
2017-05-30 Chapter 56 5 With a tight race and low voter turnout on Election Day, things look grim for Frank. But he's still got one more trick up his sleeve. 4
Molly Austin guestStars
Jeremy Podeswa directors
Moa Lundqvist guestStars
Feeling alienated, Mary Jane allows her own party to be transformed into a media event. Niecy returns to Atlanta invigorated and ready to set her dreams in motion. Patrick becomes a montor to a rowdy activist. 2017-08-08 Feeling Friendless 4 14
Todd Robert Anderson guestStars
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
writers Yuuya Takahashi
1980-05-21 9 1
Tom Tammi guestStars
Jeffrey Hause writers
Gwen Verdon guestStars
director James B. Clark
Bill Kennedy writers
Rick Hall guestStars
directors Gareth Carrivick
1 12 A girl becomes the object of her classmates' never-ending ridiculing because of her tallness. But when a mummy unleashes a curse on everyone, the kids turn to her to defeat the mummy and break the spell. This Wraps It Up 1993-12-04
writers Nic Pizzolatto
The highest ranking police officer in Australia to be murdered, Assistant Federal Police Commissioner Colin Winchester was shot twice in the head at point blank range as he was getting out of his car outside his Deakin home on January 10, 1989. At the time of his death Winchester was the Chief of Police in ACT region. He had served in the law enforcement of 27 years, firstly with the Australian Capital Territory Police Force and then in the Australian Federal Police after its formation in 1979. The shock of his death and the long investigation which followed left a lasting imprint on his fellow officers as they struggled to bring the killer to justice. 8 2009-09-24 Cop Killer: The Winchester Assassination 3
23 0 2016-01-23 Koyomi Sand
director Tom Fontana
director ?? ????????????????
Robert Bockstael guestStars
Nancy Beatty guestStars
1 2010-11-09 'The notorious baby-faced underworld figure who police believe killed 10 people pleaded guilty to the murders of Mark Malia (August 2003), Jason Moran (June 2003) and Lewis Moran (March 2004). He was killed in April 19, 2010 with extreme violence by a prison inmate whilst serving 35 years in a maximum security prison for these murders. He had previously been found guilty of the murder of Michael Marshall, who was shot dead outside his Toorak home in October 2003. The murders occurred at the height of Melbourne's notorious gangland war that raged between 1998 and 2006, leaving 27 dead.Williams mother, Barbara, publicly defended her son after his jailing and berated the trial judge. The Moran family had dominated Melbourne's criminal world for more than a decade when Williams vowed to wipe them out. In November 2007, Carl’s father, George, was jailed for a minimum of 20 months for a massive drug trafficking operation which he carried out with his son.Over two and half years Carl made about $500,000 selling methamphetamine. George, now 63, lives in suburban Broadmeadows, Melbourne, and suffers from chronic heart disease, diabetes, anxiety and depression. Barbara committed suicide at her Essendon home in December 2008, and their other son Shane died of a heroin overdose aged 31. 4 Baby Faced Killer
John Glover guestStars
guestStars Barnard Hughes
Holly Rudkin guestStars
directors Robin Wright
Walter Baldwin guestStars
1 'Matsurra takes Young Jin into custody with evidence of her being an accomplice to the attempted murder of Chief Nagumo. Won Bong hears of her arrest and that she is being held at the same place as Hyeok. While Matsurra interrogates her on his suspicion, Kim Won Bong makes another attempt to kill Hyeok. Bluebird 2019-05-04 3
Strong Mama ~ Super Helico 1 2008-02-03 49
Robert Bockstael guestStars
Michael Barry guestStars
director Tomoyuki Itamura
Linda McGibney writers
Jeff leaves his wife Susie, and worries that his private life will become public in court. Jeff's concern affects Larry, who becomes obsessed with showing Cheryl how normal he is. Meanwhile, Larry seeks revenge on pro wrestler Thor Olson, who he believes slashed his tire after an argument on the road. 2 2 2001-09-30 Thor
guestStars Kayla Maisonet
2007-09-25 12 0 After working at some of the dirtiest jobs in America, Mike decided it was time for him and his crew to be pampered as they look back on some of their favorite dirty jobs on board one of the Royal Carribean's most luxurious cruise ships. Crew's Cruise
actor Weaver Levy
writers Meera Syal
Mayim Bialik guestStars
2 The Night Caller: Eric Edgar Cooke In 1959 the carefree culture of Perth changed forever when a plague of crime hit the city. By early 1963 the crime wave had escalated to serial murder. A couple were shot at as they sat in their car. In separate incidents two men were shot and killed at point blank range as they slept. Another was shot between the eyes as he opened his front door. A young woman was strangled to death and raped. An 18-year-old babysitter was executed as she studied and listened to music in front of the fire. All this was the work of one man: Eric Edgar Cooke. 2008-04-27 3
Naomi Watts guestStars
Jessica Chapnik guestStars
A Call From the Fiery Pit 1 12 Kwon Joo realizes they may have written off Baek Jin Gu's claims too quickly. Later, she finds troubling information related to the Eunhyung-dong case. 2017-02-26
Finnegan's Wake 1998-04-24 21 Bayliss suffers from a recurring dream about the Adena Watson, his first homicide case and one that remains unsolved. An elderly man comes to the Homicide unit to confess to Bayliss that his father had committed a murder 66 years ago. Falsone is assigned to the case, only the case file is missing and found to be in the possession of retired homicide detective, Thomas Finnegan. Gee allows Finnegan's request to participate in the reopened investigation. Questioning the elderly man leads to the recovery of the gun that might close the case. Falsone, Finnegan, Lewis and Kellerman celebrate their potential victory as Bayliss recontemplates the Watson case. 6
director Garth Waxwell
director James Foley
Episode 4 2019-03-22 4 3
8 2016-03-04 Chapter 47 4 Formidable as ever, both Underwoods have their eyes on the big picture as they manipulate a potential running mate and push the gun bill.
directors Alan Taylor
Europe Harmon guestStars
Gene Levitt directors
writers James Yoshimura
Jacqueline Scott guestStars
guestStars James Urbaniak
Larry David writers
Louis Nye guestStars
guestStars Richard Lewis
Kenneth Fink directors
Karen Kirschenbauer guestStars
director Whitney Ransick
directors James B. Clark
Episode 4 1 1998-02-02 'Sketches:It's a Miracle,Marriage Guidance,Flash Ash - Street,White Indian Wife - Dinner party,Smita Smitten - Toilet,Malkit - Late for work,Competitive Mothers - Wedding,White Indian Wife - Bus stop,Flash Ash - Car washer,Asian Babe,White Indian Wife - Park,Melodramatic Family - Car,Competitive Mothers - Baby,On The Waterfront,Smita Smitten - Chip shop(Art Malik),Overachieving Muffins,Competitive Mothers - Pimp,Untouchable (song),Competitive Mothers - Long jump. 4
Niki Schwartz-Wright writers
0 Presenting document Food Inc. 2013-09-25 14
Dyana Ortelli guestStars
directors Felix Feist
Pamela Payton-Wright guestStars
The young actors now head to a resort city, Swakopmund, where golden desert and the Atlantic Ocean meet. Bo Gum tries driving but he can’t help but give up just in three minutes for a reason. In Swakopmund, they find a fancy restaurant that serves delicious but rather expensive dishes. After enjoying the luxury, they begin to worry about their budget. Will they be able to make it to their final destination without a problem? 2016-03-04 Thank you for Everything 4 3
Clara Henry guestStars
Jim True-Frost guestStars
guestStars M. Cochise Anderson
Vellum Maker 2008-11-25 23 4 'Mike travels to Yakama, Washington to harvest hops, the main ingredient in beer. From there Mike goes to the Hudson Valley where he turns animal hides in to paper.
Answald Kr?ger writers
director Eyal Gordin
Carey Lowell guestStars
Jerry Seinfeld guestStars
2 1961-04-10 A Touch of Genius 25
Kyle T. Heffner guestStars
1996-11-08 An article appears in The Baltimore Sun about Kellerman and the other members of the arson unit who are under investigation. Munch investigates the death of women whose husband returned home to find her dead, cause unknown. He suspects the husband but Cox thinks differently. Pembleton tries to help Bayliss close the Lambert case. The article puts Kellerman on edge and he goes to Roland's office where he discovers Roland is a federal witness. This incident gets him suspended until he takes a polygraph test. Brodie gets an offer to stay at Kay's place. Munch presses his witness and breaks him but Cox's evidence still says otherwise. Kellerman takes the test and while waiting for the result tells Lewis the truth. Cox visits Munch's suspect in his cell. Frank reflects on his past and the future. Kellerman passes the polygraph, but so did the federal witness; one of them beat the test. White Lies 6 5
Anya Adams directors
writers Tom Fontana
guestStars Edgar Allan Poe IV
Shiraine Haas guestStars
James Tolkan guestStars
Jay Chandrasekhar guestStars
writers Carrie Rosen
2016-12-07 1 3
2 13 2018-01-17 D-I-- DIMEO A-C-- ACADEMY After a dust-up with Lafayette High, Maya runs to JJ’s rescue and launches her own school out of the DiMeo home. Her program becomes a true DiMeo affair when Ray and Dylan enroll and Jimmy joins the faculty. Meanwhile, Kenneth sets out to prove to his ex-wife that he’s living a successful life.
director Scott Aukerman
Earl Schuman guestStars
guestStars Ken Kramer
directors Robert Kenner
In Georgia, a single father, Donald Ray Skinner, marries a beautiful single mother, Allene Hawkins, but they do not live happily ever after as the result of a deadly deception.  2016-03-05 8 Truth or Death 3
Feeling Raw 11 2017-07-18 4 Distrustful of Justin after Kara's firing, Mary Jane tries to make it work with Lee, but resisting Justin is undermining her performance in the coveted co-anchor spot of the morning show.
Cheon Ho-jin actor
director Miguel Sapochnik
Beau Willimon writers
William Froug writers
David Morse guestStars
2 L-O-N-- LONDON (2) Maya must choose between asking her father for money to save their house and a lasting relationship with him. Ray strives to bond with his new British family, only to discover Dylan’s the one with a surprising connection. Meanwhile, JJ shows Kenneth a good time off-the-clock, and Jimmy inadvertently finds love. 2018-10-12 3
O'Bryant Kenner guestStars
2008-06-16 Brown Before Green Mike looks back on several of the Dirty Jobs that help to clean up the environment. From geothermal drilling, to wood and tire salvage, to building cobb homes, one thing seemed constant: in order to be green, you usually have to get brown first. 4 15
Jeff gets a new car, and when Larry takes it for a spin, a commercial comes on the radio for AAMCO, with a noise sounding much like a car horn from behind. Upon hearing this, Larry curses the man behind him, prompting the man to rear-end Jeff's brand new car. Also, Larry and Cheryl hold a dinner party. 1 7 2000-11-26 AAMCO
Ina Balin guestStars
director Clark Johnson
writers Henry Bromell
Susanna Kuparinen guestStars
Rudolf Jugert director
directors Miguel Sapochnik
network AMC
Michael Sinterniklaas guestStars
director Bill Purple
guestStars Sarain Boylan
directors Rick Marshall
1 Death Day 8 2012-05-23 'Fortune-teller Shitoto can guess the ''Death Date'' of any person. The victims are all former marks of Lupin III. Jigen is hired to destroy the lithograph Shitoto uses to read these fortunes. Lupin teams up with Jigen, however, Lieutenant Oscar is waiting for him. What does this fortune teller have in store for the fate of Fujiko?
Dell Grooms guestStars
Chapter 43 2016-03-04 Claire threatens Frank. Frank makes a politically bold move that may provoke Russia. An event at a campaign stop changes everything. 4 4
directors Larry Williams
guestStars Melvin Van Peebles
Zach Grenier guestStars
Jason Burke guestStars
guestStars Geoffrey C. Ewing
Doc Hammer guestStars
guestStars Kathy Griffin
director Christine Gernon
guestStars Ron Clinton Smith
Harold Innocent guestStars
Jacqui Allen guestStars
Chip Chinery guestStars
Anthony Chip Brienza guestStars
1968-05-19 6 1
Anya Adams directors
guestStars Terrence Flemming
1963-09-26 1 3
directors John McNaughton
guestStars Pia Johansson
Norman Foster directors
2017-10-27 1 70 Monty tries to convince his family that Jimmy Jones is more than just a cuddly pet. Jimmy Jones Rules
1 The backpacker murder case in the Belanglo State Forest, south west of Sydney, has entered Australian criminal folklore. The brutal murders of seven young people, most of them overseas tourists hitchhiking around Australia, attracted international media attention. The remains of their bodies were uncovered in 1992. The arrest and conviction of Ivan Milat would catapult him to Australia's worst individual serial killer. It is believed that Milat was involved in several other killings and there is strong evidence that he didn't act alone. The Backpacker Murders: Ivan Milat 2005-08-01 4
Minnie Driver actor
Ron Brice guestStars
Lee Min-ho actor
director Andy Ackerman
2 9 2002-06-02 After Thomas Yeager hires Archie because he believes he's being followed, he winds up dead at a construction site. Wolfe and Archie's investigations show that the victim had many lovers. Too Many Clients (1)
2 1961-02-27 20 The Feather Cloak
guestStars Ken Howard
1996-09-20 1 Gaffney and Barnfather give Gee a hassle about the return of Frank to duty and the sudden departure of Russert to Europe. Bayliss and Munch are called to the scene of a homicide, where the victim, Mrs. Uba, was cooking breakfast and the only witness may be a male pig named Angie. Frank returns to work and Gee tells him what his limited duties are going to be and that he's called in all his favors and both their asses are on the line. The squad is called out for a hostage situation at a middle school. 5 Hostage (1)
About Psyche with Paavo Pylkk?nen 1 10 2013-10-30
Dick Stilwell guestStars
writers Seth Kurland
directors Tom Shankland
writers Alec Berg
directors Alan Smithee
Roope Mokka guestStars
Linda McGibney writers
directors Morag Fullarton
writers John Mortimer
Vincent D'Onofrio guestStars
Gloria Reuben guestStars
writers William Simpson
guestStars Jon Stewart
Theodore Marcuse guestStars
writers Yuuya Takahashi
2 13 Mike helps a family in New Jersey demolish and recycle parts from 100 year old buildings on an old college campus. Finally, Mike enters the dangerous world of a coal miner in an upstate Pennsylvania coal mine.  2006-08-08 Coal Miner
director Stuart Rosenberg
director Steve Buscemi
writers Julie Martin
guestStars Amy Tolsky
John Abbott guestStars
Marin Hinkle actor
1 8 Disguise for Murder The Manhattan Flower Club's next visit to the brownstone proves fatal for one of the members. Fortunately, she talked to Archie just before she died, and one clue from their conversation proves critical. 2001-06-17
director Henry Bromell
1 As Lupin attempts to woo Fujiko, she tells him about a jewel peacock at the bottom of a pyramid in Egypt. Meanwhile, Jigen, who is short on cash after being scammed, goes on a search for the peacock as well. Jigen soon finds himself fighting against not only Lupin, but the various traps set up by looters. After both Lupin and Jigen fall into a trap together, Fujiko appears revealing the peacock will appear if one of them dies in the trap. However, they both manage to escape by sacrificing some scorpions. The peacock reveals itself, but Fujiko is forced to give it up in order to escape from the pyramid.  2012-05-02 5 Blood-stained Triangle
Larry David writers
1960-01-04 13 1 Troy is headed to the strife torn island of Mai Sai with a cargo of serum to fight a cholera epidemic. Troy and crew pick up three men stranded on a tiny atoll, who claim to be survivors of a shipwreck, but they're really gunrunners from a ship called the Punjab Trader, whose captain was murdered. The trio, led by the second mate, take over the Tiki, threatening to kill the nun who is transporting the serum, and go after the Punjab Trader. Castaways
2019-04-12 Maya braces for JJ’s high school graduation and departure for college, but tough news from NYU changes everything. Dylan teaches Jimmy a “Dad lesson” as he gets ready for a big job interview. Kenneth pressures JJ to prepare for a grand finale to their time together, and Ray uses his class trip to Catalina to examine his bad luck in love. 22 U-N-R– UNREALISTIC 3
Sharon Elizabeth Doyle writers
Crosetti Crosetti's body is found and Bolander is the primary and he thinks the evidence points to suicide. If it is a suicide, there will be no honor guard for the funeral. Refusing to accept the death as a suicide, Meldrick launches his own investigation and tries to thwart Bolander's investigation. Bayliss and Pembleton make arrangements for the funeral reception. Pembleton has reservations about going into the church for the services. Munch works with his brother, an undertaker, to arrange for a coffin. The preliminary ME report shows Crosetti had a blood alcohol level of .25 and wide variety of anti-depressants, The verdict: suicide. 1994-12-02 6 3
Julia Louis-Dreyfus guestStars
?? ?? writers
Holly Madison guestStars
Fuyashi T? writers
60 1 Caring Sharing Monty 2017-07-21 When Monty's friend doesn't return a toy that he's borrowed, Monty decides to stop sharing his things.
Laura Shepherd directors
guestStars Steven Marcus
guestStars Michael Harney
directors Robert Florey
Kelly Stables guestStars
Bamboo Derby III ~ Hand Walk III 1 42 2008-02-03
guestStars Andrew Parks
J. Keith Van Stratten guestStars
Larry Charles directors
Paul Diaz guestStars
Ellen Bergstr?m guestStars
Lucky Johnson guestStars
Joe Chrest guestStars
writers Phyllis Murphy
2 Mould 6 'Rachel discovers Dom drinking a can of beer with Sean. She takes the can away from him and warns Sean that Dom has a drink problem. Sean wants Rachel to meet his son from his defunct marriage, if she’s going to be his ‘other mummy’. Sean continues to act like they’re getting married, whilst Rachel insists they’re not. Andy wants Janet to join him for a drink as he wants to talk but she turns down his offer. Gill is forced to leave a briefing on a mercy dash for Sammy because Dave’s drunk. Gill wants Janet's help get Dave round to his mother’s. A woman with a green face and head, and dressed in a sexy policewoman’s outfit, is discovered dead in a field at Dob Cross. Gill thinks that the killer is a lover. 2012-04-16
1 Bug Breeder 'First Mike helps remove trees and tree stumps in California.  Mike then gets himself dirty with some fainting goats in Tennessee.  Then he vists a place that breeds exotic insects in New Orleans.  2007-01-09 3
Gone for Goode 1 1 1993-01-31 Lewis and Crosetti uncover a woman who's been killing her husbands for insurance money. Howard tries to keep her cases-solved record perfect, but she is reassigned with Felton as her partner. Bolander convinces Munch to help him finish up an unsolved case. A new guy, Tim Bayliss, from the mayor's office gets his first case in homicide, the murder of an 11-year-old girl. His partner Pembleton, we find out, is less than enthusiastic to work with him or anyone else in the unit.
Karly Rothenberg guestStars
Vikram Gandhi directors
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
writers John McGreevey
director John Peyser
1 About Food with Sasu Laukkonen 2013-09-25 5
director Tom Fontana
actor Gerald McRaney
Pilar Seurat guestStars
directors Daniel Minahan
1 23 Sponge Bridge ~ Kangaroo 2008-02-03
Jennifer Aniston guestStars
Daniel Baldwin guestStars
James B. Douglas guestStars
writers Sally Wainwright
writers Melissa James Gibson
Matt Bardock actor
Larry David writers
Tense drama series about the different challenges faced by the British Security Service as they work against the clock to safeguard the nation. The title is a popular colloquialism for spies, and the series follows the work of a group of MI5 officers based at the service's Thames House headquarters, in a highly secure suite of offices known as The Grid. Spooks 2002-07-22 Ended
Earl F. Hilliard Jr. guestStars
Half a Pair 1 9 2016-06-30 Monty wonders if there are any uses for a half of a pair of something.
Toronto Baz, Nancy and the mammies head to Toronto, where they slackline between two tower blocks and learn how to hunt dear with some gun-toting Canucks. 2016-10-17 4 3
actor Yui Horie
writers Julie Martin
Charles de Bernier guestStars
Tony Lo Bianco guestStars
writers James Stoteraux
Goodness Gracious Me 1998-01-12 A British sketch comedy that explores the integration of Indian and British cultures through a series of satires, musicals and skits. Ended
writers Chad Fiveash
2 Mike first goes to Pennsylvania at a coal processing plant and learns how to make coke, carbonized coal used to make iron which in turn is used to make steel. Mike then goes to Washington to an oyster shucking plant and works alongside a very dirty girl. Finally, Mike goes to Pasadena, CA to dismantle floats from the Tournament of Roses Parade. Parade Float Dismantler 8 2006-06-20
Barnett Lloyd guestStars
guestStars Kimi Reichenberg
Liz Cackowski guestStars
Jason Alexander guestStars
director Tomoyuki Itamura
Paula Gruskiewicz guestStars
2018-02-19 1 1 In 2008, the small town Hamar decided to build a diving tower, with a 1.5 million kroner budget. Once completed, seven years later, the price had escalated to a staggering 30 million. We follow the deputy mayor of Hamar, who had the idea, through the surreal story of how a simple idea can spiral totally out of control. And how can public officials build a diving board that exceeds the original budget with 2000% without losing their jobs? This is the investigative musical about the world's most expensive diving tower. The Diving Tower
John L'Ecuyer directors
One of Adam's girlfriends, is a passenger on a boat that has struck a mine. 1 8 1959-11-30 The Raft
1994-10-14 'When the winner of the city's Good Samaritan Award is murdered, Gee and his staff are called to help the new female night shift commander. Pembleton is at odds with the detective he shares a desk with. Beau and his wife separate and Kay gets caught in the middle. Meldrick and Munch have plans to buy a bar and try to persuade Bolander to also become a partner. Bayliss agrees to become a ''''silent'''' partner. In passing, Crosetti is said to be in Atlantic City on a ''''shots, slots and sluts'''' dream vacation. 1 Nearer My God to Thee 3
directors Tom Fontana
writers Jennifer Salt
guestStars Joan Rivers
director ??????? ?
James Pickens Jr. guestStars
2 2018-09-09 10 With new evidence of Kang Woo possibly being Kosuka, the boy who helped his father commit murder back in 1991, Center Director Kang Kwon Joo can’t help but be swayed into believing Kang Woo as a possible suspect in the crimes being committed. After finding Chief Na Hong Soo’s ID, blood, and a star-patterned box on a fishing boat in Sokpo Harbor, Kang Ho becomes the prime suspect in Chief Na’s disappearance. Later, in desperation, Kang Ho ends up taking Kang Kwon Joo as a hostage to fight his innocence. The Creation of Hatred
A Party for Tarzan 7 The Guild targets Dr. Venture, but do they have the right man? 2016-03-14 6
director James B. Clark
2 Hakuna Matata 2016-02-26 Although Bo Gum misses his flight, he manages to arrive safely in Namibia and joins the others. Their first destination is Sossusvlei. On their way to Sossusvlei, they get to see beautiful sceneries of Africa and take many photos. They are excited about having a camping in the middle of African desert for the first time in their lives. Jae Hong cooks for the others who are tired from a long drive. 4
director Tom Fontana
2 'The motivation for Mary Jane's actions with David become clear. In other events, a ''Talk Back'' segment spurs Mary Jane to move on with her life and repair strained relationships; and she also decides to change ''Talk Back,'' which may not go over well with Kara. 7 2015-03-17 Let's Go Crazy
guestStars Kenny Blank
1 Maya feels threatened by the perceived perfection of one of the mom's at her annual Oscar party; Ray pretends to be someone he's not to impress a girl. 16 O-S--OSCAR P-A--PARTY 2017-02-22
directors John McNaughton
Mason Cook actor
In January 1995, a small research rocket is launched from the civilian scientific rocket station And?ya. Its mission is to document the Northern Light for Norwegian and American scientists. Moments later all hell breaks loose, when the Russian military misinterprets the rocket as an American nuclear missile. The Russians have just minutes to retaliate, and for the first time in history they activate their nuclear briefcases. President Boris Jeltsin has only a few minutes to decide: Should he push the button and start a nuclear war? This is the investigative musical about the scariest moment in human history. 1 5 The And?ya Missile Crisis 2018-03-19
2 1966-03-25 4
1 Skeboarder ~ Super Rider II 2008-02-03 37
directors Stuart Rosenberg
directors Tom Fontana
Lisa Hammer guestStars
Estelle Winwood guestStars
guestStars hawn Patrick Clifford
2013-12-26 Iron Ladies of Liberia 0 A look at the achievements and struggles of Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf, the first woman elected as President of the African nation of Liberia. 50
Noreen Kershaw directors
directors Felix Feist
guestStars Jon Eyez
Marin Hinkle guestStars
Bryan Gordon directors
Lili Simmons guestStars
director Robin Wright
2 Baz and Nancy head to Mexico to taste one of the world's hottest chillies and join a Mexican grafitti gang. Plus, Nancy brings the sounds and the party to Spring Break. Mexico 2015-09-22 4
Eric Lapidus writers
guestStars Mary Hollis Inboden
writers Anya Epstein
director John Coles
2014-10-22 7 Fatal Error Janet is unnerved to discover that DSI Dodson cannot ignore her concerns about Gill's drinking. Just as Rachel feels as if she is getting to grips with the job, she makes a fatal error that puts Janet and Chris in danger. When a man's body is found wedged between rocks on the moors with nothing to identify him, a road block is set up and an appeal put out. Enquiries lead Janet and Chris to a nearby farm, but they discover something much more sinister and shocking than they could ever have anticipated. 4
Feeling Seen Mary Jane uncovers information about Justin's past that spin their love into a new phase. Meanwhile, Kara and Justin are forced to take down a dark horse who has entered the race for the executive producer slot. 19 2017-09-12 4
Alec Berg directors
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
1 18 2008-02-03 Bamboo Derby II ~ Sponge Bridge
Daniel Stemer guestStars
Scott William Winters guestStars
Christine Taylor guestStars
Robert Lafferman guestStars
Roger J. Timber guestStars
2017-04-28 1 Jeanie thinks her computer game is awesome, but Monty wonders how it can be more fun than playing with friends in real life. Techno Monty 40
guestStars Laura Cayouette
guestStars Wayne Morris
director Allen Coulter
Robert B. Weide director
Cole Massie guestStars
Larry David director
Stranger in Town 1 1960-12-26 12 Ed Sawyer, a mysterious stranger, arrives in Mayberry and disrupts the lives of the townspeople because he appears to know everyone's name, intimate details about their lives, and other startling facts about them.
guestStars Kayla Maisonet
Larry David writers
writers Ken Biller
1 2012-11-06 8 Nach der Entdeckung ihres Kellerverlieses ergreift Frau Berner die Flucht. Ein Streit im Keller f?hrt dazu, dass der Mediamarkt-Verk?ufer das Waschbecken rausrei?t und ein Luftschacht den Weg nach drau?en erm?glicht. Es grenzt an den Keller von Tschach, der gerade mit Tochter Babs eine mediterrane Stube f?r Herta baut, in der Hoffnung, dass seine Frau wieder heimkehrt. Da f?llt Katzlbrunner pl?tzlich alles wieder ein: Das mit dem Wunder, das mit den Russen und auch, dass Gerri ein Verh?ltnis mit Elfi, der Frau von Richard hat. Richard flippt v?llig aus und spricht kein Wort mehr. Stattdessen beginnt er einen skurrilen Amoklauf, der im Freibad von Braunschlag endet. Freunde f?rs Leben
writers Deborah Goodwin
director Tucker Gates
Sharon Elizabeth Doyle writers
Randy Brion guestStars
The Magician (1999) 'Ace Cooper, a stage magician, not only performs updated stage illusions and escapes for the crowds, but fights crime through a combination of stage props and his ability to ''reveal the magic within'' to use real magical powers. 1999-02-01 Ended
11 2010-09-26 Any Which Way But Zeus 4 Someone is capturing heroes and villains and taking them to a super death camp. The forces of good and evil must join forces to stop their mysterious captor.
director Geeta V. Patel
Mara Corday guestStars
Toufuyashi writers
Steven Hill guestStars
writers Carey Wilber
Laura Shepherd directors
James Tolkan guestStars
Operation P.R.O.M. 2010-11-21 16 4 'Team Venture, Conjectural Technologies and the Order of the Triad come together as Dean and Hank prepare to face an obstacle that is more intimidating then anything they have confronted before: a prom to celebrate their ''graduating'' high school, while Dr. Venture throws out all the stops to bring the twins the best dance $500 can buy. But when things go awry, the greatest battle in Venture history looms as two old enemies - the OSI and SPHINX - clash once again.
Andrew Sykes guestStars
2 The wife of Golden Time Team Detective Park Joon Ki gets caught in between a voice phishing scheme and gets abducted. The Golden Time Dispatch Team respond and chases after a man with a glass eye on the verge of killing Park Joon Ki’s wife. Meanwhile, the serial killer becomes aware of Kang Kwon Joo’s gifted ears that causes him to desire them even more. 5 Shh! It's A Customer's Secret Part 2 2018-08-25
Chapter 10 1 Claire fuels an old flame. Peter wrestles with his demons. Francis crosses the point of no return. 10 2013-02-01
Noreen Kershaw director
guestStars Jennifer Love Hewitt
network ABC (US)
actor Taiyu Gao
director Nick Gomez
director Alison Maclean
director Na Young Seok
directors James Yoshimura
2 Jimmy takes JJ camping to give him “the talk,” Maya trains a ragtag group of new aides, and sparks fly between Dylan and Ray’s bully. T-TR– TRAINING D-A– DAY 4 2017-10-18
director Phil Traill
2016-12-21 17 1
directors Ed Bye
writers Ken Biller
2 'Chuck and Melvin (the narcissistic prince and his brother from ''The Sleeping Beauty'') return; this time in a horrifying retelling of ''Jack and the Beanstalk'' where they must steal the treasure of a giant Cyclops named Beanstalker. 1994-12-03 Chuck (and Melvin) and the Beanstalker 14
Victor Bevine guestStars
director Alec Berg
writers John W. McGreevey
1 17 The End for the Beginning 2016-10-17
Barbara Johnson guestStars
Frank Pugliese writers
F-O-- FOLLOW T-H-R-- THROUGH The DiMeos realize they have great intentions but lack follow-through when it comes to … everything. Vowing to change, Ray and Dylan take on government bureaucracy; Kenneth helps JJ prepare for college; and Maya tries to reconnect with Jimmy. 2018-12-07 7 3
directors Robin Wright
Wes Hudman guestStars
9 Larry tries to use Cheryl's therapist to get back into her good graces after getting bad advice from his own; Larry's miffed at Marty's participation level in an Alzheimer's walk 2007-11-04 The Therapists 6
Jessica Marais guestStars
2 B-R-I– BRITISH I-N-V– INVASION 7 2017-11-15 Maya’s mother, Andrea, comes for Thanksgiving, sending the family into a tailspin preparing to impress their established grandmother who they haven’t seen in years. Jimmy deals with getting older and what that means for his oddly impressive digestive system. Cedric dreads spending Thanksgiving with his overbearing father, the Colonel.
9 The Shucker 9 Larry is blackmailed by an employee and tormented by someone from his past. Jeff and Larry pitch a new creative venture. 2017-11-26
Different Dreams 'Set in Kyungsung, while the country is under Japanese colonial rule, and Shanghai, China.Lee Young-Jin is Korean, but she was raised by Japanese people. Lee Young-Jin is now a surgeon, but she becomes an intelligence agent for the provisional government of Korea. She gets involved with turmoil during the Pacific War.  Ended
Alec Berg writers
Michael D'Amore guestStars
Lee Goldberg writers
Darryl LeMont Wharton guestStars
1 1993-10-30 8 The son of a scientist befriends a Neanderthal that has been encased in ice for millions of years, but the friendship turns sour when the caveman can't adapt to the modern world. Cave Man
35 2017-04-21 Bold Knight 1 When Stan is too scared to go into the cellar, Monty wonders if even adults get scared.
director Chris Martin-Jones
Kevin Dunn guestStars
2016-10-08 1 The death of Tupac Shakur is spotlighted. Tupac Shakur 5
The Saphrax Protocol Deep inside Guild Headquarters, the Monarch and 21 face their ultimate ordeal; the Venture brothers confront one of their own. 7 10 2018-10-08
guestStars Paleface
director Jean de Segonzac
director James Neilson
Sarah Chalke guestStars
Confession 2016-09-12 1 7 Lee Yeong, the crown prince and Ra On confuse themselves of their feeling. One day, the rumor go around about a relationship between a Eunich and a court lady. Ra On helps the people whom are involved in the rumor and she fall into danger.
2000-03-17 Episode 4 4 3
Genius detective Nero Wolfe and his right-hand man, Archie Goodwin, solve seemingly impossible crimes. Nero Wolfe (2001) 2001-04-01 Ended
Andrea Darvi actor
Der Fluch 2012-09-25 1 Bei Gerri Tschach geht alles schief und er glaubt, ein Fluch lastet auf ihm. Der unfruchtbare Richard sucht denjenigen, der seine Frau geschw?ngert hat. Gerri soll ihm dabei helfen. Silke hingegen scheitert am Gel?bde von Vatikankommissar Banyardi. Gerri bekommt nach einem Tennismatch mit Richard einen Gips verpasst. Es geht bergab. Russen erpressen ihn, um am Wunder mitzuverdienen. Und er hat Angst, dass Elfi in Wahrheit von ihm schwanger ist, weil er seit geraumer Zeit ein Verh?ltnis mit ihr hat. 3
Wine Maker 7 2007-03-06 3 'Mike first heads off to Napa Valley to learn how to make wine. Mike then gets dirty at a Kansas Cattle Ranch learning about the cattle business.
David Schurmann guestStars
After Shinobu tells Koyomi her story, they realize that Yotsugi was overhearing their entire conversation and after Mayoi awakens, they start discussing ways to deal with the darkness being before it appears before them. Koyomi, Mayoi and Yotsugi manage to escape again, but Koyomi is knocked out cold by the shock of Yotsugi's jumping just to awaken several hours later and learn that they unwillingly left Shinobu behind. As Koyomi's vampire powers had not disappeared yet, they conclude that Shinobu is still alive but with Koyomi's powers weakening, it means that they have to find her before she is killed for good. Having no clue about what to do, they decide to contact Izuko Gaen who might provide some advice and when they decide to take shelter in a house, Izuko herself opens the door for them, much to their surprise.  Shinobu Time - Part 3 2013-11-10 16 3
writers Nic Pizzolatto
2015-08-09 2 8 Frank, Ray and Ani weigh their options as Caspere's killer and the scope of corruption is revealed.  Omega Station
2 7 2018-04-20 Episode 7
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
guestStars Bill Bradley
Sanjeev Bhaskar writers
director Cary Fukunaga
director Garth Maxwell
While JJ finds success at school with a group of friends, Maya forces the cancellation of the homecoming bonfire, concerned that the beach location is not wheelchair accessible. Soon, the students speak out against JJ. But when Maya realizes she was wrong, the two stage a fake prank to encourage his classmates to have a change of heart. Meanwhile, Jimmy helps Ray settle into the new home. 1 B-O-N–BONFIRE 2016-10-05 3
Pippa Scott guestStars
Katherine Kelly guestStars
Fukuda walks into the Jongno Police Station and brings out Se Joo, the only survivor of the Heroic Corps taken into custody. Outraged and embarrassed, Kento orders Matsuura to find Nam Ok at all costs. Meanwhile, Won Bong sneaks away from Young Jin to find Nam Ok. 1 2019-07-06 The Pistol 37
Michael Chance guestStars
John Cleese guestStars
1 Chapter 5 2013-02-01 A feud starts between Francis and Marty Spinella. Russo goes into depression about the job losses at the shipyards. 5
Snap, Crackle, Popillon 1 12
James Potter guestStars
Larry David directors
Nicola Kawana guestStars
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
13 1 2016-12-17
1999-11-29 1 23 The Searchers discover an ancient city, perfectly preserved by Hengers. But, the robot caretakers are programmed to prevent anyone from entering it! When the Hengers take Holly's pendant, Genki and his friends must trust a malfunctioning Henger, who was banished from the city because of his free will, to find a way inside. Our Friend Henger Forever
2 2013-08-28 0 Presenting document Kumar?
2004-03-14 Opening Night 10 'The show travels to New York City as Larry prepares to open on Broadway in ''The Producers''. 4
2 9 The Haunted Mine 1994-10-22 A boy goes to visit his aunt, which leads to a trip inside an abandoned mine filled with unusual shapes and a dark secret.
writers James Yoshimura
guestStars James Urbaniak
Nikea Gamby-Turner guestStars
guestStars Frank Buckley
directors Jay Tobias
director Felix Feist
Lance Carter guestStars
writers Kenneth Biller
Francis McDonald guestStars
2009-03-23 guestStars
Paul Boocock guestStars
Marko Lehtosalo guestStars
Cradle Having witnessed her father Joe being arrested for the murder of her mother Eunice, Helen shows up at Janet’s door saying that she believes her brother Michael might be buried in the cellar of the family home. After the remains of a second body are discovered, the case becomes much more serious and Det. Supt. Dodson is drafted in as the S.I.O, with Gill as her deputy. 2013-04-24 4 3
1 Tsubasa Tiger - Part 1 2013-07-07 3 It's the beginning of the second semester and on her way to the first day of school, Tsubasa has a short meeting with Mayoi who reveals that she has just came from Koyomi's house where she forgot her backpack, but could not retrieve it as he was not at home by that time. Soon after, Tsubasa has an encounter with an apparition in the form of a huge white tiger who just passes by her and upon arriving at school she tells Hitagi about it. Hitagi points out that despite Koyomi is for sure be the best person to assist her, Tsubasa did not call for his help at all, also remembering that in fact he always stood for them without the need of asking him. Some time later, Tsubasa and Hitagi watch smoke rising from afar and Tsubasa discovers that her house is on fire. With her house destroyed and no place to sleep, Tsubasa claims to her parents that she will sleep at a friend's house, but she decides to spend the night at the abandoned cram school where Oshino lived instead. Hitagi finds her there upon learning of her situation and decides to take her to her house, suspecting that the white tiger she saw might have some connection with the fire. After deciding to skip school for the next day, Hitagi and Tsubasa receive a mail from Koyomi, where he states that he must leave for a while to deal with some business of his and as they are about to take a bath together, Hitagi asks Tsubasa if she still loves Koyomi. Tsubasa instantly replies that she does.
David Schwimmer guestStars
writers Tom Fontana
2 1 After two brothers torment ants at a picnic, they are shrunk by a mysterious ray and are forced to face the trials and tribulations of the insect world. 1993-09-25 Nature
Holly Kaplan guestStars
actor Taylor Kitsch
writers James Yoshimura
Wesley Lau guestStars
writers Doc Hammer
1 45 Super Helico ~ Durama 7 Ace 2008-02-03
0 2014-10-22 75 Man On Wire
directors Alec Berg
Larry Charles director
James Tolkan guestStars
Felix E. Feist director
18 1962-02-04 3 Please Believe Me
Andy Richter guestStars
director Timothy Hutton
1998-01-30 Kellerman is trying to find Lewis, who's disappeared since his suspension. Bayliss is on vacation. Stivers rotates into homicide and Kellerman isn't happy to see her. A priest is found murdered. Falsone attends a custody deposition hearing. A tape is delivered to Channel 11 that contains some startling information from a Swami about the priest's activities involving young boys. Munch and Kellerman seek out the two boys who were at the scene of the crime; meanwhile the other detectives seek out the Swami. Both are located, though the boys do not provide anything conclusive; they are held in protective custody. Kellerman searches for Lewis. Meanwhile, church members protest in front of the station house. Falsone gets his son for a weekend. Ballard and Gharty detain a corner kid who might be identifiable as one of three who had frightened a priest. Unfortunately, that priest (a monsignor) can't make a positive ID. Because of public pressure, the boys are released from custody to stay with 12 6 Something Sacred (1)
writers Sally Wainwright
directors Tomoyuki Itamura
director Tomoyuki Itamura
2 Episode 3 2018-03-23 3
Kevin Grantz guestStars
Paul Dooley guestStars
directors Tom Fontana
writers Barry Schkolnick
David Schwimmer guestStars
Jack Frost guestStars
directors Julie Martin
director Na Young Seok
Gloria Reuben guestStars
Jewel Staite actor
6 Larry regrets getting Cha-Cha a job in his building when she monitors his bathroom habits, and runs into further problems with her when he has to make phone calls 'lefty'; the Blacks and Larry are fed up with Cheryl's environmentally conscious, but uncomfortable, toilet paper; a waiter objects to a doggie bag actually being prepared for a dog. The Lefty Call 2007-09-30 4
George Worthing Yates writers
2 The murder of Isabelle Pedrosa, who was killed while husband Miguel was serving time in prison facing domestic violence charges in December 2002. It transpired her 17-year-old daughter Linda and the teenager's boyfriend Antoine Wright struck her on the head and then strangled her so they could spend more time together 10 Mother of All Murders  2015-02-07
Fritz Muliar actor
Nicky Gaudagni guestStars
1 During a game of hide and seek, Monty wonders whether there is a way to hide other than in or behind something. Hide and Seek 2017-07-05 48
Amelia Bullmore writers
2 Vengeance 17 2010-04-17 While Zedd and his brother seek revenge for the murder of their father, a stranger steps into Richard's life to send him on a collision course with Zedd.
1 11 Korunovace Je rok 1791 a v Praze se p?ipravuje korunovace Leopolda II. ?esk?m kr?lem. Do Prahy se chystaj? i obyvatel? Dobru?ky, v?etn? Franti?ka a M?rinky s jej? babi?kou. Franti?ek cht?l p?vodn? sledovat korunova?n? pr?vod s p??telem Hn?vkovsk?m, nakonec ale p?ijde za M?rinkou.
'Les, Michael and Gary Murphy, brothers from an Irish family of nine children, were three of the five men convicted of the savage rape and murder of Sydney nurse and beauty queen, Anita Cobby, which sparked calls for the reintroduction of the death penalty. The others were John Travers and Michael Murdoch.Michael Murphy, 33 at the time of the murder, was the eldest of the nine Murphy children. He had been sent to live with his grandmother when he was 12. His brother Gary Murphy was five years younger. Hearing impairment affected Gary Murphy's schooling and he left early to seek work. His strong interest in cars led to him facing several automotive theft related charges in the years before the murder. He was also known to have a very violent temper.Leslie Joseph Murphy was the youngest of the Murphy children, but was known as having the worst temperament. He had faced Children's Court on many occasions for a number of theft-related offences and was 24 at the time of the Cobby murder. Travers was a depraved 18-year-old who had grown up in a dysfunctional family in the outer suburbs of Sydney. He shared his blood with best mate Michael Murdoch in a ceremony that made them so-called blood brothers. The five are serving life sentences for the murder. 2010-12-07 5 Blood Brothers 4
guestStars Sam Pancake
2 2009-12-12 Richard's attempt to teach a peaceful people how to defend themselves unleashes an uncontrollable rage that threatens to consume them and destroy the Seeker. 6 Fury
Timothy Hutton actor
Sedona James guestStars
?? ? directors
Anthony Ramirez guestStars
directors Charles McDougall
guestStars Michael S. Kennedy
writers Miriam Datskovsky
Emma Molin guestStars
director Carl Franklin
director Alec Berg
19 'A prominent attorney is murdered and the murderer presents himself to Pembleton and Bayliss with a videotape that implicates him. Brodie works on increasing his self-image. Kellerman is determined to find out who's the ''''lunch bandit.'''' The NSA steps in on Pembleton's murder investigation and provides him with a guilty party, even though they know he didn't do it. Bayliss' disgust with the interference doesn't sit well with Gaffney who wants to charge him with insubordination. Map of the Heart 1996-04-26 4
Tyrone Alonzo Rouege guestStars
Madeline L. Austin guestStars
guestStars Christopher McCulloch
Mike gets dirty in Alaska as he helps protect the environment by cleaning up an oil spill. He then travels to Minnesota where he works to pull a car out of a lake that has fallen through the ice. 12 Ice Salvage Crew 2008-05-19 4
director Bryan Gordon
director Helmuth Ashley
actor Kelly Reilly
director Ben Lewin
guestStars Christian Benz Belnavis
Ashlyn Ani guestStars
Alec Berg writers
1 Sponge Bridge II ~ Bamboo Derby III 43 2008-02-03
writers Sharat Sardana
directors Akiyuki Shinbo
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Lisa Lee guestStars
Mahershala Ali actor
guestStars Valerie Karasek
Jongman Kim guestStars
Beau Willimon writers
writers Tom Fontana
network BET
Larry David writers
Jeffrey Wright guestStars
Ten years have passed since Goku left his friends and family to hone his skills. But Goku soon finds himself helpless against the mystical power of the Dragon Balls and an accidental wish made by the devious Emperor Pilaf. His desire; that Goku once again become a child! Not daunted by this small setback, Goku, together with Trunks, and his own granddaughter Pan, blast off into the outer reaches of space in search of the mysterious Blackstar Dragon Balls. But these Dragon Balls have a fatal secret: if not collected within one year Earth will be destroyed. Dragon Ball GT 1996-02-07 Ended
Survival 13 1961-12-31 3
2013-12-14 1 7 82-year-old Irene Silverman has just rented a room in her Upper East Side mansion to 23-year-old Manny Guerrin-a charming businessman. But Manny is not alone, and soon after his arrival dark secrets come to light and an epic clash ends with murder. Perfect Strangers
Salvador Baguez guestStars
1997-12-05 7 A man falls between the cars of a subway train in front of horrified witnesses. Was he pushed? While the man is still alive, the prognosis is he will be dead the moment they extract from the position he currently occupies: pinned between the train and platform. Homicide is called in light of this condition and the fact he may have been pushed. Pembleton questions the victim, and Bayliss questions the witnesses, especially a strange one named Larry Biedron. The victim has no relatives in the Baltimore area. He does have a girlfriend who is supposed to be jogging in the area; Lewis and Falsone try to find her to bring her to the scene. 6 Subway
Joe Hansard guestStars
Julie Claire guestStars
writers Jorge Zamacona
director Peter Medak
director Gerald Mayer
Nicky Gaudagni guestStars
Lemuel Wills guestStars
director Molly McGlynn
Spanish On The Fly 6 1
Lyle Weldon writers
Richard Kind guestStars
directors Tom Fontana
director Larry Williams
directors Na Young Seok
directors Nisha Pahuja
Chick Sexer 1 2005-08-16 Baby chicken sexer, beer brewer, oyster harvester  4
Jill Redding guestStars
Antoinette Spola guestStars
Zach Galifianakis writers
2012-12-31 0 Tsubasa Family - Part 4 6 Araragi begs Shinobu for her help, which she eventually provides. He then formulates a plan to confront the Curse Cat and save Hanekawa.
1 2017-07-12 When Monty sees Violet enjoying doing absolutely nothing, he starts to wonder if it is a good thing to take a break and relax. 53 Take a Break
6 1 Longoar Bay, Pembrokeshire
Pete Burris guestStars
director Bryan Gordon
William Spencer Ross guestStars
Scotty Morrow guestStars
2 2017-08-21 6 Episode 6
writers Kristine Huntley
directors Barbara Kopple
Kate Mara actor
2003-11-07 Dirty Jobs DIRTY JOBS profiles the unsung American laborers who make their living in the most unthinkable -- yet vital -- ways. Our brave host and apprentice Mike Rowe will introduce you to a hardworking group of men and women who overcome fear, danger and sometimes stench and overall ickiness to accomplish their daily tasks. Ended
2 2 Isabella Rossellini explores the mating habits of whales. Whale 2009-04-01
James Potter guestStars
Tom O'Connell guestStars
0 The Best Tests: Part 2 2019-05-03 3
7 2018-09-10 6 The Monarch and 21 play a deadly game of tutoring an inexperienced villain; a hot plate of danger is served up with a side of hilarity. The Bellicose Proxy
2016-09-22 Hillary Clinton 1 22 Hillary Clinton sits down with Zach Galifianakis for her most memorable interview yet.
Marin Hinkle guestStars
Kenneth Fink directors
guestStars Stephen Ouimette
guestStars Michael York
2 2018-03-14 A-C- ACTION JJ’s thrilled when he is chosen by his classmates to film his horror movie project, but soon the pressure of directing gets to him. Meanwhile, Dylan’s class project reveals a family secret; and Jimmy’s suggestions for the neighbor’s house construction project backfires for the DiMeos. 17
2 11 Sink or Swim 1960-12-19
Philip Anthony-Rodriguez guestStars
writers Henry Bromell
1996-02-23 Justice (2) Jake Rodzinski has trouble dealing with the verdict of the trial and takes justice into his own hands. Kellerman is back from a family wedding in Wisconsin picks up the case of the murder of Kenny Damon. Lewis is not allowed to know all the details of Kellerman's investigation, because of his past relationship with Rodzinski, their chief suspect. Bayliss is at odds with Pembleton over the disposition of a grilled cheese sandwich. 4 14
1 2013-08-28 1 Convesation after Document Kumare, aspect of religion and guru culture About Religion with Teemu Laajasalo
Doc Hammer guestStars
director Justin Lin
James Slaughter guestStars
directors Simon Delaney
writers Daniel Mainwaring
Happy Ordinary Day 1 2016-09-01 Monty is in the mood for celebrating and begins to wonder if you really can only celebrate big, special occasions. 19
director Mark Pellington
director Felix Feist
guestStars Tricia O’Kelley
Fujiko Mine's Lie, Part 1 0 Fujiko befriends a young boy whose late father hid away a treasure, but a killer is on the boy's trail. 2019-05-31 5
Seeing the kids believe she exists to solely serve at their pleasure, Maya takes the stage to prove she has so much more to offer. Kenneth finds JJ a job, and JJ finds an unlikely rival. Ray goes undercover informing parents on his classmates’ social lives and gets in too deep. S-T-- STAGE MOM 5 2018-11-09 3
Irwin Winehouse writers
Nia Vardalos guestStars
2 13 A famous singer named Ritchie Valenti arrives at Electro City for the first time in fifteen years. Vega is at the harbor where he arrived, not happy at all. He leaves a letter in Valeti's car. Friedrich receive an anonymous call about meeting between a blackmailer and his victim in the following night. It's Vega whose meeting with Valenti. Vega smacks the singer, grabs the suitcase and takes off. When the police catches him, the suitcase breaks open and he gets arrested. The next morning at the Express, Cosmo is interviewing Senator Dobbs, when Angel announces Miss LeSage. She's surprised to see Dobbs, but it turns it's really Ace. She tells them that Vega's been arrested. Ace learns that Vega's bail is $150,000,000 Electro dollars. Ace visits Vega in prison and asks him what happened. But Vega remained silent. Ace pays the bail, but is informed that it will take some time for the paperwork to go through. Friedrich tells Ace, that Vega has already been involved in a scandal with Valent Vega Gate
directors Michael Weaver
Chiwa Saitou actor
Timothy Hornor guestStars
Jonathan Slavin guestStars
Frederika Kesten guestStars
Judah Friedlander guestStars
guestStars Lynne Thigpen
guestStars Billie Jackson
writers Andy Bichlbaum
Vivienne Shub guestStars
Kerry Cahill guestStars
guestStars Alexander Gaberman
Keone Young guestStars
Change 2016-04-27 5 'Rachel (Suranne Jones) is criticised for the lack of progress in the investigation and with Steve Dench (Richard Riddell) still the prime suspect, she knows she must find both a murder weapon and the encryption code used to access the Taking Out The Trash website. Then, they not only get Steve for multiple murders, but they also find the man he’s playing his sick game with.  Discovering that the witness at Michael Edgerton’s murder may be one of the killers marks a big breakthrough, and with the attacks increasing, Rachel hopes that the killers will start to make mistakes.  The appearance of a star on Rachel’s gatepost terrifies Alison (Sally Lindsay) and when Julie Dodson (Pippa Haywood) finds out, Rachel’s position as Acting DI is jeopardized.  But with new evidence challenging Steve’s alibi and a positive ID of the witness, Rachel is determined to hang onto the case. When Janet’s (Lesley Sharp) attempt to help Taisie (Harriet Waters) results in a complaint, her faith in doing everything by the book is rocked, and with Rachel’s pregnancy out in the open, both Scott and Bailey have life-changing decisions to make about their futures. 3
guestStars Jolene Blalock
Frank Ray writers
13 1 2016-10-03 Fondly, Goodbye
1 Lady from South Chicago Mme. Victorine Reynard, a Frenchwoman, now lives in style in the South Seas. A friend who is actually an escaped convict from Australia, comes to see her. 1959-11-02 4
Wayne Best guestStars
director Scott Johnson
2 1 All the detectives scramble to solve the case, when the mother, in a family on vacation, is murdered during a holdup. The husband has a hard time dealing with the reality of him not doing anything during the situation and Felton's indifference. When the suspects are found Howard is convinced that the youth who confesses to the murder didn't do it. 1994-01-06 Bop Gun
Tim Houston guestStars
2 12 2015-04-14 'In the Season 2 finale, Mary Jane moves into a primetime position at SNC; and, just as she settles into a relationship with Sheldon, receives mind-blowing news about David. In other events, the Patterson family gathers to celebrate Paul Jr.'s graduation from architecture school. Signing Off
Francis Bethencourt guestStars
Niki Schwartz-Wright writers
actor Lee Yo-Won
Suzy Nakamura guestStars
1 21 Cold Sweat (1) 1999-07-09 After fifteen years in Cryogenic Suspension, a old friend of Ace named Gus Moreland awakens, looking like a frozen body and escapes from the Cryogenic Center. When he sees a poster of The Magician, the first thing on Gus's mind is getting revenge. Meanwhile, Ace bails Cosmo out of trouble with the polce and reminds him to be careful about doing many misdeeds before they catch up with him. Later, Ace performs his usual spectacular show with his panther panter Zina. After the show though, Moreland thinks he found Ace and just when was about to knock him down though, it turns out that it was somebody else wearing a similar cape. At the hospital, Vega grows concern about the dangers Ace could face so he sends two bodyguards to watch over him. Moreland goes back to the Cryogenic Center and forces Dr. Charles, the scientist-in-charge to make him look normal again. Charles gives him the temporary injection and Moreland goes after Ace through Cosmo. When Cosmo was blocking Moreland's way, he t
1 33 Super Rider II ~ Ottoto 9 2008-02-03
Christopher Northup guestStars
1 Divadlo 5 Franti?ek ??inkuje jako hudebn?k v Boud?. K Butteauov?m te? ale nedoch?z?. V?k?v otec se dozv? o jeho ??inkov?n? v divadle a rozjede se do Prahy, chce, aby se s n?m syn vr?til dom?. Franti?ek nechce a otec se ho z?ekne. Franti?ek m? m?lo pen?z, na studi?ch chce vytrvat, a proto chce odprodat sv? knihy. Nakladatel Kramerius je ale vezme jen do z?stavy. Th?m se Franti?kovi sv???, ?e je zamilovan?.
directors Nick Wood
John Pleshette guestStars
Siberia 2011-01-02 1 1 'It's summer solstice in Siberia, a time of endless daylight and extraordinary festivals.Bruce Parry journeys to meet the Sakha horse people and a remote encampment of Eveny reindeer herders in the wild Verkhoyansk Mountains, where he finds out how they are embracing the challenges of a post-Soviet Arctic.For Bruce, it's also a journey of personal discovery as he goes in search of the ancient shamanic religion of these wild northern lands.
2 2017-09-05 16 Episode 16
James Foley directors
1997-09-14 The Lakes Doom-laden but compelling BBC1 drama series embracing sex, death and Catholic guilt, set in a small community in the Lake District. The first four-part series centred on newcomer Danny Kavanagh; the second 10-part series featured other characters in the community. Ended
2 9 Lucy takes to the stand in court to give her account of the night she was raped. Her evidence reveals to Emma that Danny has been telling her the truth. Peter reacts with fury when he learns of Bernie's affair. Beverly pays a visit to John in jail. Episode 9 1999-03-07
0 A Seinfeld Moment on Curb 36
1954-10-01 Ended December Bride Charming and wise Lily Ruskin lives with her daughter and son-in- law who, along with her close friend Hilda Crocker, are always trying to find suitable older marriageable companionship for her. Running comedy bits included neighbor Porter's complaints about his (heard but unseen) wife Gladys.
H. Jon Benjamin guestStars
guestStars John Vickery
Bryan Spicer directors
director Larry Charles
directors Nick Gomez
actor Christopher McCulloch
Robert Bockstael guestStars
Jim Davis guestStars
directors Christine Gernon
Anna Jaller guestStars
director Cary Fukunaga
2 A Whale of a Tale 1960-11-07 6
directors Michael Radford
Dan Delafield guestStars
Jonathan Slavin guestStars
Zach Grenier guestStars
directors Takeshi Koike
Larry Gillard Jr. guestStars
Larry E. Hull guestStars
guestStars Christopher McCulloch
Ougi Dark - Part 3 7 After being exposed, Ougi is about to be engulfed by the darkness, but Koyomi refuses to give up on her and Meme reappears in the nick of time to save them. 5 2017-08-13
Laurie Kennedy guestStars
Susann McCormack-Pike guestStars
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
2016-08-29 1 Even though it is bedtime, Monty and Jimmy Jones aren't tired and Monty wonders if the night is really just for sleeping. The Night's Alright 16
directors Helmuth Ashley
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Larry Charles director
Patrick Trainor guestStars
Tania Nolan guestStars
Jack Gallagher guestStars
director James Yoshimura
2 8 Hardbeat 'A new kind of music comes to Electro City: Hardbeat. All the kids are wild about it and since DJ Mickus create this new sound, he is coming to town, everyone wants to go to this party, including Cosmo. However, Hardbeat is also blamed for more and more violent outbreaks among teenagers, who aggressively attack innocent people and destroy property after attending Hardbeat parties. Ace is worried about Cosmo and asks him to help on a levitation number instead of going out, but Cosmo says he needs to go out more since he hasn't had any fun for a week. Illegally recording live performance of Mickis at the dance club, Cosmo plays the Hardbeat on his Earman as he rollerblades home and his aggressiveness rises, letting him not only a young couple in a restaurant but also the police. Ace is called by Vega to pick him up from jail. He asks Cosmo not to go to another Hardbeat party, but Cosmo says rudely, ''''The last time I checked, you still weren't my father''''. Ace decides to accompany Cosmo and
directors Salim Akil
director Nick Wood
Miyuki Sawashiro actor
Azura Skye guestStars
Agnieszka Holland directors
Lou Cutell guestStars
Hazelle Goodman guestStars
2 2 Turkey farmer, potato farmer, waste water sewage plant Turkey Farmer 2006-01-17
Arthur Stander writers
directors Bill Purple
Mel Brooks guestStars
1 The Venture Bros. and the Curse of the Haunted Problem 7 2018-08-06 The Venture headquarters is either possessed, just regular haunted, or suffering from a computer glitch; Dr. Orpheus and the Order of the Triad are called upon to unlock the mystery.
2013-07-14 7 Brock goes undercover to rescue a volunteer undercover operative helping the OSI track down the Council of 13, and ends up in a night club... of doom! 5 Bot Seeks Bot
Larry David writers
Michael Currie guestStars
Kevin Nelson guestStars
Tucker Gates directors
Paul Ben-Victor guestStars
directors James Yoshimura
guestStars Johnny McPhail
Sharon Elizabeth Doyle writers
directors J?rgen Goslar
Lennon Parham guestStars
director Takeshi Koike
1 Pembleton and Bayliss have only twelve hours to grill their prime suspect in the Adena Watson case before they must let him go. 5 1993-03-03 Three Men and Adena
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
guestStars Steven Culp
2 1 2018-08-11 A schizophrenic suicide bomber takes a subway train hostage, and the Gold Time Team is the first to respond. Team Leader Kang Kwon Joo and her team do whatever it takes to calm the bomber and bring the hostages to safety. Meanwhile, returning Team Leader Jang Gyeong Hak is kidnapped, leaving the Golden Time Team to track his whereabouts that leads to a serial killer. The Second Golden Time
1 Come back from the resort, Jandi and Jihoo visit Buddhist temple to clean their mind away. However, when Jandi returns, she finds out that her parents have decided to move to a fishing village to earn money. Junpyo wakes up and finds out that Jaekyung has prepared him the breakfast. Jaekyung says that she always dreamt of this, and Junpyo feels pity for her. Yijung tells junpyo that Jandi stopped swimming because of her shoulder injury, and Junpyo feel guilt and regret. Jandi moves to a rooftop house and is surprised when Junpyo unexpectedly shows up as her neighbour. Gaeul decides not to hide her feeling anymore and asks Yijung out on a date. Yijung rejects it but comes back to see her few days later. 18 Episode 18 2009-03-09
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
1 Black Cat 'As Ace and Zina were working on their new ''''disappearing panter'''' trick, Lt. Vega comes to the Magic Express to capture Zina. Vega is accusing Zina of being Electro City's only loose black panther and attacking a scientist named Professor Sticks the night before. Ace recalls waking up during the night to see Zina return to his room but not knowing where she went. He goes with Vega to the crime scene and is surprised at Zina'a behavior as she suddenly take off. Not knowing why, Vega takes Zina to the police headquarters for tests while Ace and Cosmo go visit a circus which seems to have a wild cat of its own. There they meet their old friend, Yokiko the animal trainer who tells them that her pet black panter, Kim Cougar being kidnapped a few weeks earlier. Things get more complicated when Zina escapes the police headquarters when she was about to be put to sleep. Fortunately though, with Cosmo's traking device, Ace, Cosmo, and Yokiko not only catch up with Zina but also found Kim Cougar a 1999-06-18 16
1 4 The cricket and the violin
8 The Smiley Face Larry challenges the rules of dating and rethinks a decision regarding a new workplace neighbor. Meanwhile, Jeff invents an ill-advised excuse to get out of a dining engagement.  4 2011-07-31
2009-02-03 1 10 Episode 10 'Yijeong unexpectly sees Gaeul on the street and helps to revenge her bad boyfriend. Jandi clears up her misunderstanding about Junpyo, and the two go out on a date on Valentine’s Day. They bump into Junpyo’s mother, and Junpyo tells her not to do anything bad to Jandi. The mother, who doesn’t even think of F4 as the friends of Junpyo, starts her next action to cut Jandi off from Junpyo as she thinks Jandi is ridiculously improper to her son.
Tarja Halonen guestStars
1 28 2008-02-03 Like A Pierrot IV ~ Kangaroo
1 1 Jan-di is an average high school girl whose parents operate a Laundromat. One day she delivers laundry to Shin-hwa high school, where the top 1% of the wealthy children gets to go, and accidentally saves a student from a suicidal attempt. After this incident, she is scouted to this prestigious school as a swimming athlete. 2009-01-05 Episode 1
writers ??????
writers Tom Fontana
writers Elizabeth Beckwith
director Kenneth Fink
Alana Campbelle guestStars
network NTV (JP)
director J?rgen Goslar
Penelope Ann Miller guestStars
guestStars Olivia Burnette
Timothy Scanlin guestStars
Operation Big Freeze 1 1986-09-30 17 To gain control over all of Limbo, Mon-Star orders Windhammer and Hardware to freeze the entire galaxy of Limbo. Will the SilverHawks be able to stop the mob's cold front or will they be iced?
Gene Levitt writers
director Timothy Hutton
Behind the Scenes 1 0 Interviews with the cast
guestStars Bella Thorne
director Na Young Seok
William Fairchild guestStars
Una Damon guestStars
2014-02-25 1 8 Uber Love  'Mary Jane confronts several people; Lisa and Mary Jane's friendship is put to the test.
Michael Pertwee writers
2019-05-18 Kang Woo returns to Korea and reports to the higher ups about what he has been doing and the cartel that is behind Doctor Fabre. Kang Woo insists on apprehending the perpetrators, but the commissioner is against it. To convince the commissioner, Kang Woo offers to resign as soon as the case is closed. Meanwhile, a member of Doctor Fabre, Kwak Dok Ki, is found dead. (Source: Viu) Pinocchio's Song 3 3
Larry Gilliard Jr. guestStars
2 Showdown at Cremation Creek (1) 12 Dr. Girlfriend finally accepts the Monarch's wedding proposal... if he calls off his grudge with Dr. Venture. He agrees, but things take a turn for the worse when his henchmen mistakenly capture Team Venture, while the Phantom Limb vows not to take his break-up lightly. 2006-10-08
Continuing 2014-01-12 An anthology series in which police investigations unearth the personal and professional secrets of those involved, both within and outside the law. True Detective
guestStars Allison Smith
director Christine Gernon
In the series premiere, the murder of Robert Blake's wife is spotlighted. 1 1 Robert Blake 2016-09-10
1 11
directors Erich Neureuther
director John Coles
Joe Perrino guestStars
Moa Lundqvist guestStars
Weston I. Nathanson guestStars
guestStars Mary L. Watson
Sarah Chalke guestStars
guestStars Christopher McCulloch
director Charles McDougall
Max Lamb writers
Antoinette Spolar guestStars
Fran?ois-Eric Gendron actor
director Alan Taylor
guestStars Howie Mandel
8 Wayne struggles to hold on to his memories, and his grip on reality, as the truth behind the Purcell case is finally revealed.  2019-02-24 Now Am Found 3
Matthew Walker guestStars
Ann Dowd guestStars
Jan Pivec actor
guestStars Brian Hemmingsen
Ted Raimi guestStars
Paul Mazursky guestStars
director David Mandel
Napua Wood guestStars
1 33 The Messy War 2019-06-29 Frightened for his life and for his family's, Oda tells Fukuda to drop everything on Hiroshi. However, Matsuura claims that he'll take it into his own hands. Later that night, Young Jin goes to see Hiroshi at his house and sits with him face-to-face with a hidden gun.
0 11 Dirtiest Machines on the Planet Mike Rowe hosts a very special episode of Dirty Jobs as he looks back at some of the world's dirtiest machines that are making civilized life better for the rest of us.  2007-07-24
David Schurmann guestStars
Jack Heller guestStars
Steve Carell guestStars
2004-02-08 The Car Pool Lane To get to a Dodgers game, Larry finds a creative way to use the HOV lane.  Then, he finds himself in a bit of trouble when he gets his father medicinal marijuana. 6 4
2017-12-11 1 Seven renegade artists shock the comic-book industry by starting their own company, Image Comics, to rival giants Marvel and DC. 6 Image Comics: Declaration of Independents
Julie Lauren guestStars
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
The Cartwrights and a bigoted army captain are pinned down by Cochise and his braves, who claim the officer poisoned 30 of their people.  The Honor of Cochise 1961-10-08 3 3
2 2015-06-15 The gang decides to join Ash and Jess at a ballroom dancing class. Nimble on his feet, Stuart quickly becomes teacher's pet, leaving Freddie in a huff, while Violet becomes a hit with the amorous teacher in other ways. Ballroom 3
Darnell Martin directors
Rafael Alvarez writers
Avery Kidd Waddell guestStars
actor Meera Syal
writers Nic Pizzolatto
Hostile Makeover Epilogue 0 7 2016-02-01 The Venture family settles down for breakfast in their new home in Manhattan. Hank shows off his newest purchase.
directors Bryan Gordon
1 Fly Isabella Rossellini explores the mating habits of flies. 2008-05-05 7
Al Pitcher guestStars
Michael Lehmann directors
Paul Dooley guestStars
actor Son Eun-Seo
Tim-Tom Moppet guestStars
directors Felix Feist
Dave Lamb actor
director Gene Levitt
director Ed Bye
director Paul Stanley
network SVT
Lesley Sharp actor
director Bob Weide
Bob Weide directors
Oliver Muth actor
Carla Jeffery guestStars
Facing Fears 1 In the Season 3 premiere, Mary Jane is rushed to the hospital following her accident; Paul Sr. handles David; and Helen deals with Lisa. 2015-10-20 3
network BBC Two
directors James Neilson
writers Tom Fontana
Justin Louis guestStars
Ismo Leikola guestStars
Rhys Muldoon actor
guestStars Cheryl Donaldson
0 Special Guests: Li Andersson and Susanna Koski 2014-10-01 65
Olivia Colman actor
director Mario Van Peebles
Jennifer K. Dawson guestStars
director Tomoyuki Itamura
Tuuli Kaskinen guestStars
2 8 The Crusader's Son 2015-01-24 The case of Oregon mother Mary Louise Thompson who, in 1994, ordered two teenagers to kill 17-year-old Aaron Iturra to prevent him from testifying against her son in a gang-related assault case
2 2015-06-21 1 The disappearance of a city manager disrupts a lucrative land scheme and ignites an investigation involving three police officers and a career criminal who is moving into legitimate business. The Western Book of the Dead
guestStars John Louis Fischer
guestStars George Pesce
director Tom Fontana
1 'Adult movie star Vicky Birkinshaw finds herself being arrested on suspicion of her murdering her husband three weeks after she reported him as having disappeared. Rachel has to go through the woman's home-made pornography collection to look for clues. The case ends up taking a dark twist after Vicky's daughter turns up with an older boyfriend. 2011-06-19 Execution 4
writers ????
Ben Wright guestStars
1 Back from Macau, Jandi is having a hard time trying to brace herself up. The master of the restaurant where Jandi works, asks her to visit the old doctor’s office, who often comes to the restaurant, and this gives Jandi a fresh impression. Jandi talks to Junhee about her true feeling and Junhee asks her mother not to make Junpyo a victim. Junpyo comes back to Korea and goes to Shinhwa University. The mother invites Jandi to Junpyo’s birthday party. In there, she hears about Junpyo’s engagement with Jaekyeong, the girl who Jandi met in Macau. 2009-02-23 15 Episode 15
1 Hongkou Park Won Bong and Young Jin meet with Du Wol Seong, the boss of Cheongbang, and ask for his help in evacuating Kim Gu after the revolt in two days. Meanwhile, Fukuda and his Special Duty Team One arrive in Shanghai where he tells only Matsuura of his secret order of delivering Lee Young Jin alive. 29 2019-06-22
David Hines writers
0 2006-07-30 7 Mike starts off Shark Week by going to South Africa to look at some great white sharks inside a shark cage. Mike then heads to a shark research lab and gets a deeper understanding about shark anatomy as he conducts an autopsy of a dead tiger shark. Mike then works with some shark researchers and helps electronically tag them and collect shark DNA. Mike then goes to the island of Bimini in the Bahamas and helps test a new shark repellent, which is made from the smell of dead sharks. Finally, Mike hangs out with a professional shark spotter off the coast of South Africa who watches the ocean to protect beachgoers. Jobs That Bite
director Malik Bendjelloul
Conversion 1 2009-03-14 15 Richard, Kahlan and Chase are headed to the D'haran fortress where Chase's family is kept prisoner, and Darken Rahl's archwizard is conducting magical experiments on them. As they manage to infiltrate the fortress the Seeker comes face to face with his sinister opponent for the first time, while a terrible, unexpected force is unleashed.
2019-01-04 9 Maya lends a helping hand to frenemy Melanie and finds her life taking a surprising turn. Dylan joins the Lafayette basketball team, where her lousy sportsmanship gets results. Jimmy makes up for lost father-son time with Ray. J-A-- JAVIER'S P-A-- PANTS 3
guestStars Elizabeth Beckwith
1 Mel's Offer 2004-01-04 After going to a Karaoke bar that Mel Brooks is performing at, Mel is so impressed with Larry's singing that he asks Larry to be the star of his broadway show. 4
writers Carrie Rosen
Hillary Danner guestStars
writers Harry Muheim
Allan Arbus guestStars
Jason Alexander guestStars
James Tolkan guestStars
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
guestStars Christopher McCulloch
guestStars Matthew Sharp
2009-11-15 5 'The Guild of Calamitous Intent comes under attack by an insane Phantom Limb, who now goes by the name ''Revenge''. Meanwhile, Hank and Sergeant Hatred must protect the compound from the Guild's agents. We also learn something very interesting about Dean's birthright. 4 The Revenge Society
Rosemary Knower guestStars
Bee 1 2008-05-05 Isabella Rossellini explores the mating habits of bees. 3
Jimmie F. Skaggs guestStars
director Ken Whittingham
directors Jesse Warn
The Swap 1 2019-06-08 20 Fukuda pursues the lead with the electrician and visits Yoshino Electric Company to verify his identity. But when he gets there, he is greeted by Nam Ok who carefully redirects his suspicions. Meanwhile,  Won Bong regains his consciousness, and Seung Jin calls Matsuura in secret.
Ward guestStars
Mikael Storsj? guestStars
director ?? ?
guestStars Bree Williamson
directors Mario Van Peebles
writers James Yoshimura
director John McNaughton
directors Justin Lin
Marina Inoue actor
Barbara Boxer guestStars
directors Charles Barton
45 Mrs. President 0 A documentary following the last year of Tarja Halonen's as the president of Finland. 2013-12-06
director Robert Florey
directors John Peyser
1972-02-20 1 5
writers Mike Sussman
directors David Mandel
guestStars Irene White
2007-11-27 A live TV broadcast announcing the new peace accord between the UK, US and Iran is hijacked by armed gunmen. Can Adam and Ros defuse the situation before someone's hurt?  7 6 Episode 7
Tom Verrall guestStars
RiP: A Remix Manifesto 0 2014-10-15 72
Nick Viall guestStars
Read Morgan guestStars
director Christine Cynn
Clarke Peters guestStars
actor Sebastian Arcelus
2 Locked Up In Love The 2001 murder of Bobbie Holder, who was lured by Tina Leja to her boyfriend Darnell Smith's home so that he and his brother Chaka could attack him. Holder was shot twice and stabbed about nine times, before his body was dismembered. Leja claimed she lived in fear of being killed by Darnell Smith, with whom she became involved in a relationship when he was in Stillwater prison where she was a guard. 2015-01-03 5
writers Nic Pizzolatto
13 Feeling Exposed Kara's discovery that Mary Jane is sleeping with Justin sends their friendship into a tailspin and upsets the power dynamic at the studio. Sensing there's more to Mary Jane's break up with Lee, Helen sends Niecy to New York. 2017-08-01 4
directors Andy Bichlbaum
1 The Secret Fate of All Life 5 2014-02-16 A violent denouement in the forest clears the Dora Lange case and turns Cohle and Hart into local heroes. Each man settles into a healthier rhythm of living as Hart returns to his family, and Cohle starts a relationship while gaining a reputation as a closer in interrogations. As time passes and his daughters grow older, Hart faces new tensions and temptations, and Cohle learns from a double-murder suspect that there could be much more to an old case than he'd once thought. In 2012, Gilbough and Papania put their cards on the table, presenting new intelligence that threatens Cohle and causes Hart to reassess everything he thought he knew about his former partner.
Antoinette Bower guestStars
T. Ryder Smith guestStars
Kurt Kasznar guestStars
James Delaney Turner guestStars
Love and death in Alfred, Lord Tennyson; Emily Bronte; Christina Rossetti; Robert Browning; Matthew Arnold; and A.C. Swinburne. Featured performers: Peggy Ashcroft, Julian Glover, and Ian Richardson. Victorians, 1837-1901 1 12 1984-11-11
9 Just before the Tiki sails, two men plant a time bomb in the hold. The bomb is discovered and thrown overboard, but a big question still remains: which of Troy's four passengers was the bomb meant for? 1961-11-26 The Assassins 3
'30-year-old Mel Dyson is a successful accountant with a contentious relationship with his common law wife, Dixie. Dixie and Mel separate for a while and Dixie meets Rico Vasquez, an ex-marine playboy whose affection she buys with lavish gifts. Dixie gets back with Mel, but never breaks it off with Rico. After one of their sessions Dixie proposes Mel have an ''accident' and they use the money to travel far away together. 1 Wicked Web 3 2013-11-16
The Wilsons go on television to offer a reward. The newspapers are making the Homicide unit look bad and Barnfather wants quick resolution to the case. The man (and his wife) who gave up Junior Bunk are murdered; Falsone and Lewis investigate. The only survivor, their young son, is brought in to find out what he remembers. His memories-- and a recorded phone message-- lead Stivers to believe a former member of the Narcotics unit is involved. The officer cops to a deal that implicates Georgia Rae Mahoney, though Giardella doesn't want to pursue that yet. Falsone's questioning of the Mahoney shooting leads Cox to doubt her actions at the time of the investigation. Incriminating evidence leads the detectives to Hal Wilson being their prime suspect. Frank goes to interview Felix and Hal Wilson; son and father confront some long-standing issues. Hal's confession is inadmissible in court, the Wilsons leave the Baltimore area, and the case remains officially open. 6 Blood Ties (3) 1997-10-31 3
1 Vulnerable 2013-04-03 After a concerned neighbour knocks on Janet’s door, she can only guess at the horrors about to happen. Rachel wishes she was still single while Janet ends up realising that her own marriage is over. 3
Al Fann guestStars
Pamela Payton-Wright guestStars
1 8 2015-07-28 Episode 8
Anya Adams directors
Cole Massie guestStars
Jim O'Heir guestStars
Jerome Valantene Gregg guestStars
16 Episode 16 2019-06-30 3
director Morag Fullarton
1999-09-19 CI5: The New Professionals 'In this 1998 re-imagining of the original The Professionals TV show, CI5 now has an international remit, being jointly funded by the governments of the UK, U.S.A., Japan, Germany and France, and called upon to deal with terrorism and espionage on an international scale.An all-new cast features the original dynamic of two gung ho field agents (these a former U.S. Navy Seal and a British secret service man) and a cantankerous boss, but adds the dynamic of a female agent, a computer and martial arts expert who came to CI5 by way of the Canadian Secret Service.Expectations were high, but the new show failed to capture the imagination of viewers and only one season was made. Ended
David Elias guestStars
9 2009-10-29 Buried Alive- Luckman And Reid 'On the night of May 4, 1982, 13-year-old Terry Ryan rushed into his family home in Marsden, a suburb of Brisbane, and told his mother an astonishing story.Terry said that he had been forced by two men to participate in the sexual assault and prolonged torture and murder of his best friend, 13 year old Peter Aston. He said he had buried Aston in a shallow grave in scrubland about 60 kilometres south, over the New South Wales border, near the seaside hamlet of Kingscliff. Belita Ryan immediately rang the police. Terry retold his story to Detectives of the Queensland Criminal Investigation Branch.At approximately 4:45 on the morning of May 5th, the detectives drove Terry and his mother over the border into New South Wales. Terry led his mother and the detectives along the sandy track into the scrub. After about 200 meters, the track opened onto a roughly cleared area and the tire tracks disappeared into bush land on the other side of it.''There ... in there,'' Terry Ryan said as he pointed into the foliage. ''It's in there.''. The detectives led the way, and as they entered the track, they came across a grave-sized mound of earth off to the north-east. It was covered with small tree branches and twigs obviously broken from the nearby trees. Terry stepped back into his mother's arms and began to cry as the police officers approached the ominous mound and examined the freshly turned earth. In the dawn light, they saw spots of blood in the sand and a large, wet, blood-soaked section in the centre of the raised soil.Lying in the sand at the head of the bush grave was a dark sock and a knife in a sheaf. What the police officers found beneath the mound almost defied their comprehension. 3
director James Yoshimura
1 A Ringtone in the Dark Time is running out for Ah Ram as Kwon Joo tries to decipher the xylophone sound. Kwon Joo tells Jin Hyuk her side of what happened three years ago. 2017-01-21 3
writers Anya Epstein
Tony Yarbrough guestStars
director Mike Bonanno
director Akiyuki Shinbo
Ray Fisher actor
Robert Bockstael guestStars
directors Boris Sagal
2 10 Tsukihi Phoenix - Part 3 2012-03-10 Shinobu asks Koyomi to take her to the donuts shop. Before leaving, he notices that Tsukihi's scar on her chest was healed, and after stripping her naked, finds that all other scars on her body disappeared too. At the shop, Koyomi asks Shinobu if she knew anything about Yotsugi or Yozuru, but much to his surprise, he finds Kaiki sitting on a nearby table and pays him up for information about them. Kaiki reveals that Yozuru and her familiar Yotsugi are supernatural hunters specialized in immortal beings. Wondering if he or Shinobu may be targeted by them, Koyomi returns home just to find both in front of it. When Tsukihi opens the door for them, Yotsugi instantly attacks her, tearing her body apart. A furious Koyomi launches himself at her, but is easily subdued by Yozuru, who shows him that surprisingly, Tsukihi's body is already restored. She also explains that the Tsukihi in front of him is not his true sister but a phoenix assuming her identity. Shinobu threatens to attack the duo, and Yozuru, despite knowing that the vampire has not enough power to stop her, decides to leave, promising to return in the following day to slay Tsukihi, killing both Koyomi and Shinobu too if they try to stop her again.
1 10 Episode 10 2015-08-04
director Don Weis
2007-10-25 It's conjugal visiting day at the prison and since no one is visiting Earl, Frank wants Earl to explain to his girlfriend why he cannot see her today. Things don't go as planned and Frank's girlfriend dumps him because of Earl. Earl is blames himself and vows to get them back together. 6 Frank's Girl 3
Peter Mensah guestStars
Robert B. Weide directors
Sharon Nakadate guestStars
guestStars John Fiedler
network tvN
directors James Neilson
directors Garth Maxwell
writers Jorge Zamacona
Erika Lynn Rupli guestStars
1996-01-19 10 Gee is sent upstairs to see Barnfather and everyone speculates about the vacant Captain's position. Lewis and Kellerman are sent to Pennsylvania to extradite a woman back to Baltimore where she is a suspect in the murder of her husband. Munch tries to find a videotape in Brodie's pile. Later after reviewing the tape, they discover a key piece of evidence isn't contained on the tape. Munch wants the tape erased, but Brodie delivers the tape to court and that results in the outcome Munch feared. On the trip back from Harrisburg, Kellerman convinces Lewis that they have time to stop at Neptune's Castle and they lose the suspect, for a moment. Later they lose her again but find her at the house of her dead husband's mistress, delivering a hat. Much to everyone's surprise but not the viewers Gaffney is promoted to Captain over Gee. Captain Gaffney lays down the law. 4 The Hat
1 9 Steve Carell 'Zach sits down with Steve Carell from ''The Office'' and they quite possibly discuss ''Dinner for Schmucks''. 2010-07-26
Sharon Landry guestStars
Peggy Yates guestStars
22 1962-03-04 The Beach at Belle Anse 3
1 As the first woman president, Claire faces increased scrutiny and threats. Sibling power couple Annette and Bill Shepherd attempt to influence policy. Chapter 66 6 2018-11-02
directors Christine Gernon
actor Gabrielle Union
writers Matt Roller
director Jonathan Brough
Joshua Oppenheimer directors
Sarah Chalke guestStars
Mark Beesley director
Felix E. Feist directors
actor Corey Stoll
Julie Lauren guestStars
Lorna Wilson guestStars
John Waters guestStars
writers Don Mullally
Makayla Lysiak guestStars
Anna May Wong guestStars
guestStars Mekhi Phifer
Maria Winters guestStars
'Inspector Bouchard needs a judge for the ''''Miss Tahiti'''' beauty contest. The job is a little hard to fill since the citizens of Tahiti generally turn the annual beauty contest into an annual Donnybrook. Queens Back to Back 1961-10-22 4 3
directors Tom Shankland
Nicki Paluga writers
Narcissus 20 'There is a major police chase after an armed suspect, as he holes himself up in a row house that is the headquarters of ARM (African Revival Movement). The head of that house, a former cop, calls in a favor, high in the police department. Munch and Pembleton try to work the case as Bayliss seems to be missing. Their investigation seems to be thwarted every step of the way. Stivers' has second thoughts about what she saw at the Mahoney shooting. An attempt to serve ''''Burundi'''' Robinson an arrest warrant breaks out into a war between the police and ARM. Gee goes into the house to confront Robinson and finds out who and what he knows. 5 1997-05-02
directors George Bloomfield
Episode 25 1 Jandi leaves a lunch box for Junpyo, who lost the memories about her. Jun-pyo almost remembers something about Jan-di as he eats the lunch, but Yumi lies takes crushes Jandi’s last hope. Jandi and F4 are invited Junpyo and Yumi’s pool party. In there, they hear surprising news. 2009-03-31 25
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Tucker Gates directors
1 1980-05-09 3
directors Cary Fukunaga
Martin Morales guestStars
writers James Stoteraux
writers Laura Eason
William Froug writers
director Robert Cohen
Tsubasa Cat - Part 5 1 2010-06-25 'Araragi is confused after hearing that Hanekawa loved him as he heard from the bakeneko. After an arguing with the bakeneko that ''it was a mistake'', the bakaneko told him that there was another way to suppress the stress for good, to kill him. Araragi thinks that he could agree with that because he owed Hanekawa his life. But, Hitagi comes upon his mind and he chooses not to be killed. The bakeneko tells him that no one would help him in this situation. Araragi calls out Shinobu's name yelling for her help, and the vampire girl suddenly appears from Araragi's shadow. Everything is settled after Shinobu bites the bakeneko's neck and it reverts back to Hanekawa.The next day before school started, Araragi goes to Oshino's place to bring Shinobu back to him. It seems that nothing is left in the ruined cram school that used to be Oshino's place. After school, Araragi, Hitagi, Kanbaru and Hanekawa went back to Oshino's place searching for him. It seems he had left the place, making Araragi believe that Oshino believed he could handle the problems concerning Hanekawa and Shinobu.  15
guestStars Christopher McCulloch
director Jun Ki Sang
directors Jesse Warn
Camille McCurty Ali guestStars
directors John R. Pepper
1 Henry doesn't understand why Ian changed the name of a character in his manuscript from Lily to Renska, nor does he understand why Ian's favorite coffee shop is thirty blocks away. Wanting to understand Ian better, Henry pays a visit to Ian's coffee house of choice, where he discovers that Renska, the owners' daughter, is a waitress there -- whom Ian never talks to. Ian denies to Henry that he has a thing for Renska, but Henry doesn't believe him. Thanks to Henry's big mouth, Renska's over-protective parents thrust Ian into a date with their timid daughter the next time he stops by. Furious, Ian blows up at Henry because his morning routine of fritters and long walks has been ruined -- but Henry's attempt to correct the matter destroys Ian's routine even more. Meanwhile, Maddie has to fend off the unwanted advances of her pompous professor, Forrest St. James, when she sends Jake to her psychology class to take notes for her, and he ends up penning an overly flattering teacher evaluatio 1999-10-07 Sometimes a Fritter Is Just a Fritter 3
2 12 Episode 12 2017-08-29
actor Jay Laga'aia
2 Episode 5 Lucy has to decide whether to report her rape by Billy, Ged and Peter, fearing that her previous lies about Danny's involvement in the drownings could count against her. Danny tells Emma that her mother is not as saintly as she tries to make out. 1999-02-07 5
director Barbara Kopple
writers Darryl LeMont Wharton
director Charles McDougall
Jim Staahl guestStars
1 12 H-E-R-- HERO In order to get on the good side of their insurance agent to get everything JJ needs, the DiMeos have Dylan make a tough sacrifice at her track meet. Meanwhile, Ray wants to use his brother for inspiration while writing for an essay contest at school, but JJ rejects his plan. But when another student lies using the same plan, Ray and JJ team together to outdo the other student. 2017-01-11
directors James B. Clark
directors Tom Fontana
Marty Moreau guestStars
director Helmuth Ashley
2 2 1960-10-10 The Intruders
Rahalen Nassri guestStars
directors Felix Feist
Hate Crimes 1995-11-17 5 Pembleton and Bayliss investigate a murder that was committed in a gay neighborhood by skinheads and the victim's sexual preference is questioned. Brodie is hired by the department to videotape the detectives' crime scenes. A voice stress analyzer is brought in for a demonstration. Meldrick gets a lead and closes an old Crosetti case that even Howard couldn't crack; it causes a little tension between them. 4
David Kevin guestStars
Gary Wheeler guestStars
Robert B. Weide directors
writers Matt Roller
Kaiki decides to help Hitagi for a mere ¥100,000, much to her surprise. They leave Okinawa on separate flights to not arouse any suspicion. Posing as the father of one of Nadeko's classmates, Kaiki infiltrates her home to search for any clues. Kaiki discovers several suspicious details, such as the fact that Nadeko had only photos of herself without any friends and that her parents, apparently not curious as to the cause of her disappearance, never opened Nadeko's closet as she requested. Kaiki determines that she was a very spoiled child. After a brief phone conversation with Hitagi, Kaiki decides to visit the Polar Snake Shrine to learn more about Nadeko. Immediately upon Kaiki making a donation at the shrine, a mysteriously cheerful Nadeko appears. Apparently, Kaiki is her first visitor, despite Nadeko's best efforts at renovating the shrine. Kaiki asks her several questions about her relationship with Koyomi, confirming her twisted conception of unrequited love and that she still means to kill Koyomi and Hitagi. Kaiki takes his leave after giving Nadeko some yarn for cat's cradle to occupy her time, promising to return before she perfects any patterns.  19 2013-12-01 Hitagi End - Part 2 3
Chauncey Hill guestStars
directors Roy Delruth
Harry Julian Fink writers
Hans Conried guestStars
guestStars Christopher McCulloch
writers Maria Matray
guestStars Marjaana Toiviainen
2 2019-05-12 Soon after meeting with Kang Woo, the team gets a call from a tourist. She says a psychopath kidnapped her and is about to kill her. The team locates the ryokan where the caller is at and searches the place. However, the Golden Time Team is unable to find the caller. (Source: Viu) 3 An Evil Lives in Shishiodoshi Ryokan!
Bon Appetit - Squid 1 2009-09-14 Isabella Rossellini takes an intimate look into the perilous life of a squid. 3
Ace and Cosmo are watching a Flppball game when suddenly their favorite player, Skip Ramsdale accidently crashes into Barsky, a player from the opposing team. While Barsky is in the stretcher, he sues Skipper and he is arrested by the police. In the Magic Express, Ace and Cosmo don't believe the fact that Skip was guilty. Ace decides to gather more information about the incident. The problem is that the police won't allow anyone to speak to Skip so they go to their next source: Bob Ret, manager of the Chips Team. Bob explains everything to Ace and Cosmo about the contract Skip received from the Pirates team replacing Barsky. So Ace and Cosmo go to Barsky's private island to spy. After learning the fact that Barsky was actually faking, they are caught. The two must race for their lives. 2 Truth or Consequence 4
Kouichi Yamadera actor
Mindy Kaling guestStars
2 2014-02-14 With a military stand-off overseas and potential violence at home, Francis wants to finish off Tusk for good. Claire and Jackie Sharp collide. Chapter 23 10
writers James Stoteraux
Joe Fersedi guestStars
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Sedona James guestStars
1 Bio-Diesel Man Mike goes to Washington and helps build a house out of cob, which is basically a combination of sand, clay, and straw.Mike then heads to California and works alongside Dave the bee man to get rid of some bee's infesting a church.Finally, Mike goes back to Washington and helps clean out the old oil from a deep fryer at a Mexican restaurant and then recycle the oil into fuel or bio-diesel. 2005-10-25 11
director Jean de Segonzac
director Felix Feist
Kevin Conway guestStars
Scott Wesley Morgan guestStars
Charles Parnell guestStars
director Jacques Tourneur
writers Gay Walch
Larry Charles director
Jay Chandrasekhar guestStars
Stuck Together, Torn Apart 'Peter's jealousy reaches new heights when he accompanies Lois to the gynecologist. As the doctor prepares to examine Lois, Peter refuses to let him near her. Later, while shopping, Lois runs into an ex-boyfriend, Ross Fishman, who innocently asks her out for coffee. Fearful of Peter over-reacting, Lois sneaks off to meet Ross. At the same time, Joe picks up Peter for a joyride in his new high-tech surveillance van. While parked outside a diner, they see Lois and Ross inside. Using the van's high-tech gadgets, Peter misinterprets Lois and Ross' words. Angered, Peter decides to make Lois jealous by hiring prostitutes to pose as his ex-girlfriends. Realizing their marriage needs help, Lois and Peter see a marriage therapist, who suggests placing video cameras around the house for a week. After viewing the tapes, the therapist recommends that Peter and Lois date other people during a trial separation. Quagmire, hoping to take advantage of Lois' vulnerability, invites her on a date to a restaurant where they run into Peter and his gorgeous date, Jennifer Love Hewitt. Lois becomes enraged with jealousy and shoos Peter's date away. They leave together happily.Meanwhile, Stewie and Brian accidentally super glue themselves together at the store. They have to wait a week before the solvent arrives in the mail. While stuck together, they actually begin to like one another. Of course, things return to normal the moment they're released from their glued prison. 2002-01-31 19 3
While the Shepherd family attempts to diminish Claire's power, Doug goes off the grid but continues angling to advance his agenda. 7 Chapter 72 6 2018-11-02
John Ericson guestStars
Suzanne Snyder guestStars
directors Paul Walker
2009-12-11 2 The Doonans go deep into the world of Brit Art when they meet rabble rouser Stacey Bile near the Kate Winslet memorial roundabout. This leads to several road accidents, imminent birth, blind ladies driving cars and the Turner Prize. Meanwhile, Aunty Hayley has set herself up as a telephone astrologer with one rather obsessive client, guest star . How I Got My Turner 5
Michelle Monaghan actor
Episode 4 1 Everyone gets to hear Chef having sex with Lucy. The inquest is held with Danny in the dock, putting a strain on his relationship with Emma. The passion between Bernie and Father Matthew boils over. 1997-10-05 4
2015-12-06 The group relocates to the North Shirahebi Shrine where Izuko Gaen tells them the story behind the location and the effect Shinobu's first minion had on it. 10 4 Shinobu Mail - Part 4
Scott William Winters guestStars
guestStars Cecil Kellaway
Douglas M. Griffin guestStars
2 This episode meets boys and girls who have been imprisoned for serious crimes and are undergoing revolutionary new treatment programmes designed to help stop them re-offending 1 Episode 2 2015-02-17
writers ????
Larry David writers
Beau Willimon writers
Jimmi Simpson actor
Maria Holic The story centers on a sophomore named Kanako who enrolls in all-girls school because she has a phobia of men and wants to find her destined yuri partner. She meets a captivating freshman named Mariya who fits her criteria — except her seemingly ideal mate happens to be a cross-dressing sadistic boy. 2009-01-04 Ended
Harant Alianak guestStars
writers Arika Lisanne Mittman
1 1960-04-18 27 Heads You Lose
writers Jeff Schaffer
writers Doc Hammer
Gina Gershon guestStars
director Justus Addiss
Gloria Reuben guestStars
director Henry Bromell
David Maxwell Hall guestStars
Charles S. Dutton guestStars
director Rob Cohen
Gita Isak guestStars
writers Harold Swanton
writers William Link
When it was announced that Justin Bieber was scheduled to perform in Oslo, Norway totally lost it. The nation’s disappointment was even greater when Bieber cancelled his performance after just one song, due to some water on the stage. This is the investigative musical about what really happened in the 24 hours when the world's biggest star visited one of the smallest countries in the world. 2 1 2018-02-26 Superstar in Norway
Wayne Knight guestStars
guestStars Tony Fitzpatrick
Max Perlich actor
director John L'Ecuyer
Stephanie Burden guestStars
1 1999-08-07 Junior On a rainy night at the Magic Express, Ace and Cosmo are ready for dinner with Mona when they get an unexpected surprise on their doorstep: a baby. Cosmo tries to take care of the baby while Ace looks for the person left the baby in the rain. Mona demonstrates Cosmo on babysitting since she's better and Cosmo not good at it. During the night though, Ace decided to name the baby, Junior. However through the night, Mona is shocked that the baby has grown into a toddler. Angel analyzes the child who grows older each hour. Junior then takes the Magic Rider like a maniac and starts causing all kinds of trouble. Ace and Mona catched with the Racer via the Magic Bike, but Junior has used the ejector seat and ends up at the top of a high-rise building. Ace and nearly lost Junior when a strange man picks him up in a turbocopter. The man, Aldus Teron, is up to no good so Ace rescues Junior when jumps from Teron and gets into a very high dive with Ace. Teron goes back to Ingen Laboratories and le 25
director Tom Shankland
guestStars Stuart Stone
Nicky Gaudagni guestStars
guestStars Terrence Little Gardenhigh
Angelo Tsarouchas guestStars
guestStars Richard Lewis
R-U-N-- RUNAWAY 1 2017-04-26 20 When Maya learns JJ attempted to run away, she is determined to help him complete the task as any able-bodied person could. Meanwhile, Jimmy struggles to have hard talks with the kids without Maya, and Dylan tries to get Kenneth to revive his glory days as a high school sports star.
Chapter 18 2 2014-02-14 Francis back-channels with a Chinese billionaire. Lucas uses extreme measures to expose the Vice President. A shadowy figure joins Team Underwood. 5
guestStars Don Stark
writers Jonathan Harvey
Nick Nervies guestStars
director Robin Wright
Emily Ballou writers
Turbulent Men 'This is a spin-off from the german movie ''Maybe, Maybe Not''. It starts in the middle of the movie while Axel, the straight sexy guy, moved in with Norbert, the shy gay guy. After leaving his wife Doro the whole story gets into a total different direction. Norbert and his gay friends are getting Axel into all kinds of trouble and Axel drags em into all sorts of missunderstanding during his straight-sex-stories. Hilarious! 2003-04-25 Ended
guestStars David Eigenberg
Lisa Hammer guestStars
director Ed Bye
directors Simon Delaney
directors Salim Akil
Myths & Monsters 2017-12-23 Ended This documentary series tells the stories that have gripped imaginations for centuries and reveals the fascinating and unexpected history behind them. It takes us to the mythic landscapes of Europe to explore some of most enduring legends produced by European culture.
Andrea Hatfield guestStars
0 Koyomi Araragi sees that he has no reflection, and discusses this with Shinobu. She then suggests that Koyomi should see Yozuru Kagenui and Yotsugi Ononoki. 16 Yotsugi Doll - Part 2 2014-12-31
Marjaana Toiviainen guestStars
director Chris Menaul
2 12 Menage a Murder The crimes of businessman Fred Andros, who coerced girlfriend Dawn Silvernail to kill his former lover Susan Fassett. Forty-eight-year-old Fassett died after being shot six times as she left choir practice in October 1999 2015-02-21
directors Robin Wright
director Felix Feist
actor Michael Michele
director J?rgen Goslar
Multi-Flames 1999-04-10 1 7 While Ace performs at Sonny Boy's new Sinsun Hotel, Sonny Boy gets a phone call about a possible fire but he doesn't take it seriously. Soon after the show, a fire breaks out. The building is evacuated and Ace thinks he has the fire under control when it breaks out again. This time it made him trap. Luckily the firefighters unit shows up just in time to put out the fire and save him. Ace was surprise to see a woman, Lt. Atika leading the fireman. Capt. Freidrichs accuse Ace starting the blaze since he used fireballs during the show. At the Magic Express, Ace, Cosmo, and Angel discover a pattern from the fire three previous fires. From there, Vega determines the culprit to be Multi-Flames, a seasoned arsonist just released from prison. Ace confronts Multi-Flames at a fire station, but both got trapped on an another fire. Cosmo comes with the special fire fighting gear for Ace but they still had to be rescued by Lt. Atika. Once they were rescued, Ace and Multi-Flames were arrested until
director Robin Wright
Beau Willimon writers
Joe Palka guestStars
writers Doc Hammer
1 2015-02-27 Chapter 27 A rocky start for the Underwood Presidency. Frank wants to introduce an ambitious jobs program, while Claire sets her sights on the United Nations. 3
Hazelle Goodman guestStars
guestStars Jon Seda
Caroline Aaron guestStars
Ilona Dulaski guestStars
'It's an extravaganza of Really Dirty Animals as Mike Rowe looks back at spitting alpacas, fainting goats, wild monkeys, pregnant cows, cheating penguins, kicking ostriches, squealing pigs and runaway mules. There's new footage, updates and old favorites. 0 10 2007-03-20 Really Dirty Animals
Fifi D'Orsay guestStars
Thomas Francis Murphy guestStars
Joe Chrest guestStars
Michael Hartson guestStars
Laura Shepherd directors
guestStars Jaki Terry
network
directors Roy Delruth
2 2018-02-28 E-I- EIGHTEEN 14 JJ struggles with not being treated like an adult on his 18th birthday. He storms out of his own party but soon learns a valuable lesson from Kenneth. Meanwhile, an exchange student moves in with Taylor, so Ray tries to make Taylor jealous with some of his father's old moves but the plan backfires. And Dylan is recruited to be on the school's wrestling team.
Matt Funes guestStars
writers Julie Martin
2 When Brock is reactivated by the Office of Secret Intelligence to track down a rogue agent, he subcontracts his ex-girlfriend, the malevolently mercenary Molotov Cocktease, to protect the Venture Compound from enemies within and without.  Love is in the air!  Or is it...murder? Assassinanny 911 2006-07-09 3
director Gary Lister
1 Personal 2011-06-12 When a rape and murder case goes to trial, DCI Gill Murray is determined to see the defendant, Georgios Stelikos, convicted. But the case is made more complicated because only one of the alleged victims is prepared to testify. When Rachel gives evidence, she is horrified to discover that her ex Nick is the defence barrister. Nick's cross examination shakes her when he uses information which passed between them when they were together. But as the verdict is delivered, events take a shocking turn. 3
King Calder guestStars
Edward Herrmann guestStars
Mina Kolb guestStars
Laura Fairchild guestStars
director Neill Fearnley
directors Jean de Segonzac
Tyler Buckalew guestStars
guestStars Eva R?se
director Simon Delaney
13 0 2014-08-16 'Rouka challenges Suruga to a one-on-one basketball match as the two discuss the events that led up to their collection of their respective ''devil'' parts. Suruga is still coming to terms with the ability to use her left arm again. Suruga Devil - Part 4
R.D. Reid guestStars
directors Robin Wright
2002-07-17 1 8 Episode Eight
Richard, Kahlan, and Zedd race to find a duplicate copy of the Book of Counted Shaddows before Darken Rahl can get his hands on it. 2009-05-09 1 Sanctuary 20
writers Anya Epstein
Bradley Cooper guestStars
Robert John Burke guestStars
writers James Yoshimura
writers Mike Sussman
guestStars Dana Snyder
Dell Grooms guestStars
directors Jonathan Brough
Jasper P??kk?nen guestStars
writers James Stoteraux
guestStars Victor Lundin
'The quick mind of a country telephone exchange supervisor led to a horrific discovery at a NSW country homestead in 1978. The supervisor had been checking complaints that the phone line to “Summerfield” station, near the southern town of Jerilderie, was out of order.Living at the old homestead was a celebrated “gun” shearer Mick Lewis, his wife Sue and their two small children.After trying the line off and on for several hours it was finally answered by a tiny girl who said her mother and father were sleeping. When asked to wake her mother the child replied in a faltering voice: “I don’t like Mummy anymore ‘cause Mummy’s turning black”. Mystery Of The Homestead Murders 10 2009-11-26 3
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
2016-01-15 Ha Neul joins them, and they have become Four Dummies. Before going hiking, they visit a flea market to buy clothes and shoes for the journey. They also decide to go Geysir, a famous hot spring in Iceland. However, the weather is very cold, and soon, it will be dark. Will they decide to go or not? The Hot Springs 3 3
2 1 1999-03-06 X-Oshi After a party at the DNA Club, Hotchkiss the bouncer and his robotic friend Jojo were on their way home when suddenly Hotchkiss is mysteriously was tagging the DNA Club. Meanwhile, Ace and Cosmo was working on his latest magic trick when Cosmo's friend Ulene came to tell the bad news at the DNA Club. The police thinks that Hotchkiss is the one responsible not just graffiti but also for littering on other spots of Electro City few days ago. Ace connects the graffiti to the sale of popular virtual pets known as X-Oshis. Ace and Cosmo tried to visit the toy Professor Lars, but they got sidetraked when they nearly crash on the to the Temple Meditation Center. When there they learned that Lars is not staying in suite 101 and are attacked by X-Oshis. They barely escaped by means of one of Ace's mental illusions, they go back to Lar's home and enter by the window. They discover a secret passage to a series of rooms below, and they found Lars tied and gagged. When they free Lars, he tells Ace
Noah Beery Jr. guestStars
Louis Mustillo guestStars
director Kenneth Fink
director Josef Leytes
John Dahl directors
1 Canada 2011-01-30 Bruce travels to the far north of Canada to live with the Caribou people and witness their annual spring hunt. The Gwitchin tribe has hunted migrating caribou in the Arctic wilderness for thousands of years, but this tradition is now under threat from oil exploration. Bruce then heads south to the tar sands of Alberta, home to the second largest oil reserves in the world, to discover how native people cope when the oil industry moves into their territory. 4
writers Winnie Holzman
2013-11-13 0 Special Guest: Roope Mokka 36
Timothy Hutton directors
directors Henry Bromell
James Earl Jones guestStars
Paul Sand guestStars
Robert B. Weide director
James Tolkan actor
Joe Morton guestStars
The Venture family travels to New York City, where Dr. Venture is presenting his newest invention to the United Nations. They are pursued by a ninja intent on acquiring the device, and by Dr. Venture's archenemy The Monarch. 1 0 The Terrible Secret of Turtle Bay 2003-02-16
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
writers Jonathan Harvey
Patricia French guestStars
0 Zach Galifianakis sets off on a road trip to interview celebrities for his talk show and repair his reputation along the way. Between Two Ferns: The Movie 5 2019-09-20
Gracie Bott guestStars
Laurie Kennedy guestStars
Sam Ross writers
Have Gun, Will Travel 'Professional gunfighter Paladin was a West Point graduate who, after the Civil War, settled into San Francisco's Hotel Carlton were he awaited responses to his business card: over the picture of a chess knight ''Have Gun – Will Travel ... Wire Paladin San Francisco.'' 1957-09-14 Ended
actor Johannes Thanheiser
guestStars Harlon Miller
1 0 2008-10-17 Legend of the Seeker: The Making of a Legend! A preview of the fantasy series features its stars and its spectacular home in New Zealand; host Lucy Lawless. (First Aired: 10/17/2008)
Pamela Lincoln guestStars
John Hodgman guestStars
Julia Louis-Dreyfus guestStars
Doc Hammer guestStars
0 2013-10-09 21 Special Guest: Paleface
13 Unaired Too Cool for School 1999-12-31 3
2 8 2014-10-22 About Heroism
2 'Revisit of dirty jobs involving water: shark catcher/tagger (''Chinatown Garbage Collector''), golf ball diver (''Roadkill Cleaner''), oyster harvester (''Chick Sexer''), crawfish catcher (''Shrimper''), catfish noodler (''Worm Dung Farmer''), shrimper (''Shrimper'') 0 Dirtiest Water Jobs 2005-12-20
When Brock and Dr. Venture are kidnapped from the funeral of a college friend, the boys enlist the aid of the original Team Venture: a group of superscience adventurers who worked for their grandfather in the sixties. Meanwhile, the mysterious kidnapper reveals the secret of his twenty year old grudge through a series of flashbacks to when he, Brock, Doc, Baron Underbheit and Mr. White were all in college together. 1 11 2004-10-16 Past Tense
1965-03-16 2 3
0 Special Guests: Meeri Koutaniemi and Airi Lampinen 2014-09-24 62
director Robert Aldrich
Larry David writers
director Nick Gomez
Ginny Brown Graham guestStars
director Andy Ackerman
1 1 Former Louisiana State CID partners Martin Hart and Rustin Cohle give separate statements to a pair of investigators about the murder of a prostitute, Dora Lange, 17 years earlier. As they look back, details of the crime, replete with occult overtones, are accompanied by insights into the detectives’ volatile partnership and personal lives. 2014-01-12 The Long Bright Dark
Mule Logger 2007-01-23 'Mike joins forces with a master-cooper, or in laymen's terms, a barrel maker. Mike also teams up with some mule loggers. 3 3
Kent Smith guestStars
'Volume 3: Snowtown - The Bodies in the Barrels (50 mins) (MA 15+ strong violence)The Greenough Family Massacre (48 mins) (M)The Killer Punch - Dean Waters (30 mins) (M)The Will of Death - Ludwig Gertsch (15mins) (M) 0 Volume 3 3
director Scott Aukerman
Archie is standing in for a friend at a party for unwed mothers when one of the guests drops dead. Through she had often talked about killing herself and was known to carry cyanide, Archie does not believe her death was suicide. A little digging uncovers the connection that proves his hunch, and Nero helps bring the killer to justice. 1 2001-04-29 Champagne for One (1) 3
1 8 Political, social, and literary satire from John Wilmot, Earl of Rochester; John Dryden; Jonathan Swift; and Alexander Pope. Featured performers: Nicholas Gecks, Julian Glover, and Ian Richardson. Restoration & Augustan, 1660-1745 1984-06-20
Nick Olcott guestStars
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
2019-04-12 7 Episode 7 3
13 Vomit Island Workers Mike Rowe gets dirty as he braves the untamed world of Vomit Island, a place where few have ever been and even fewer would ever want to go. Mike's mission is to help band and count newly hatched herons on the poo covered island. 2007-08-14 3
Jack Mayo guestStars
guestStars Stephanie Romanov
Episode 4 1 2015-07-14 4
directors Garth Maxwell
2 1 Laos - Part 1 2014-09-12
11 The Secret of Sameta Yukiko's husband, Kaneki Masayuki, seems like an amazing professor loved by his students that stand up for human rights. Kwon Joo and Kang Woo come across him while checking on Fujiyama Koichi's autopsy. Meanwhile, Goto Naomi, a worker who worked for Yukiko, finds a camera installed in one of the paintings that recorded the day Yukiko got murdered. (Source: Viu) 2019-06-15 3
Peter Mensah guestStars
Charles Matheny guestStars
Jim Staahl guestStars
Kay W. Lawal guestStars
guestStars Clement E. Blake
directors Tomoyuki Itamura
57 1 Super Rider III ~ Daruma 7 Ace 2008-02-03
director Daniel Kontur
writers Jonathan Harvey
network Investigation Discovery
writers Nic Pizzolatto
Clara Henry guestStars
guestStars Christopher McCulloch
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
2 The Benadryl Brownie Nearly five years after the rest of the world, Larry discovers cell phones. Using his new toy, he calls Cheryl and asks her to tell Randy, the chef at Larry's new restaurant, to omit peanuts from the dinner that night because Richard Lewis's girlfriend Deborah is allergic to them. But bad phone reception prevents Cheryl from hearing the message, and Deborah gets sick. A practicing Christian Scientist, Deborah refuses to take medicine to clear up the hives on her face. Richard will not be seen with her at the Emmy Awards that night, so he and Larry concoct a plan to bake a batch of Benadryl-laced brownies for Deborah to eat. The ruse fails, and that night on national TV, the Davids see Joan Rivers lambasting Richard and his none-too-attractive date on the red carpet. 3 2002-09-22
Toufuyashi writers
Jackie Hoffman guestStars
Maya’s Halloween becomes truly terrifying when JJ attends a rave in the woods. Ray joins Dylan’s Halloween heist determined to prove he’s more than a do-gooder. Meanwhile, Jimmy and Kenneth turn the DiMeo home into the neighborhood’s haunted house. I-N-- INTO THE W-O-- WOODS 2018-10-19 3 3
directors Akiyuki Shinbo
guestStars Lee Tergesen
guestStars Rhea Meyers
directors Salim Akil
Mike Rowe gets dirty in Death Valley, CA preparing for a gem and mineral show. He then helps save injured birds from a nearby salt lake. Finally, he gets dirty working at a rice plantation in South Carolina. 6 Mud Mineral Excavator 4 2008-02-12
director Josef Leytes
LA/Vegas 1 2014-08-25 1 Their first stop in Las Vegas sees Nancy challenged to drive a classic muscle car, before they receive weapons training and head out on the road with some real-life bounty hunters looking for a fugitive. Later, the duo visit a casino where Baz challenges his mother to bet a week's pension on a roulette table. They then move back to LA for a lesson in stunt driving, before celebrating Nancy's birthday with a skydive
directors Alec Berg
2 Koyomi only managed to drain half of the poison in Karen's body, and although she was not completely healed, her fever has become slightly diminished. On his way to Hitagi's house, Koyomi stumbles on Mayoi again and confides to her about his sister's situation. Upon arriving at Hitagi's house he finds out that Hitagi managed to arrange a meeting with Kaiki and is preparing herself to enact revenge on him. Koyomi explains to her about Kaiki's encounter with Karen and convinces her to not confront him without his help. Back at home, Koyomi learns from Tsukihi that Karen is missing, and worried that she might had left to face Kaiki once more, he asks Shinobu's help to find her.  2012-02-11 6 Karen Bee - Part 6
Stuart McDonald directors
writers Melissa James Gibson
directors Jorge Zamacona
Sean Akil Wingate guestStars
Susan Oliver guestStars
F. L. V?k 1970-01-01 '''F. L. Vek'' is legendary TV serial based on the extensive novel by Alois Jir?sek, famous Czech author of historical novels. Its central character is Frantisek Ladislav Vek, literary projection of interesting historical person living in years 1769 and 1847. The serial catches his childhood in the village, teenage in one Prague cloister, where he was educated, young years in Prague where he was studying philosophy and adult age after his comeback to village. He was big lover of art and music. His life was an encounter between longing and need, art and conventional life of village merchant, obligation and love, Catholicism and protestant faith. He was big patriot and he consorts with many Czech artists of its time (so the serial is full of historical men and women). He also met W. A. Mozart and sang in the premiere of his opera Don Giovanni. The important theme of the time was Czech language (in relationship with German language) which was viewed as one main element of nationality. And fight for it was the leitmotiv of all Vek's (Hek's) life.This serial which reflects the epoch of the birth of independent Czech nation was pictured in the similar time. 1971 was time when the idea of so called Prague Spring (1968) was suppressed by starting Normalization. Serial represents national trusts in social and political changes on the picture of Czech National Revival. There were many analogies between those and these days (e.g. censorship, religion submission, totalitarianism, domiciliary search and - - revolt against it, braveness of revivalists...). Ended
As the director of the Joseon Government General Hospital, Hiroshi asks his daughter, Young Jin, to fill the vacant vice-director position. Nam Ok and Majar enter the Joseon Gunpowder Plant and successfully sneak out the nitroglycerin they need. Meanwhile, Seung Jin secretly tries to see his wife and almost puts the Heroic Corps in grave danger. 1 Nitroglycerin 2019-05-25 14
Christopher Sch?rf actor
B.J Britt actor
guestStars Floyd Herrington
directors Michael Hurst
Clark Johnson directors
Akiyuki Shimbou director
network A&E
Robert Bockstael guestStars
Word of Lee’s brimming success and new girlfriend throws Mary Jane’s already tenuous relationship with Justin into doubt. Kara meets Orlando’s young attractive mother, who doesn’t share Kara’s enthusiasm for Orlando’s budding broadcasting career. 2017-08-29 17 Feeling Lost 4
1 Jeanie tells Monty that all dinosaurs were slow, leading Monty and Jimmy Jones to imagine traveling back millions of years to see if they can find a fast dinosaur. Dino Saurus Games 2016-06-22 3
writers Bonnie Mark
1 2000-11-05 4 Cheryl and Larry get into a fight after she returns from a trip and he's too distracted by a game on TV to greet her properly. To make peace, Larry decides to buy her a bracelet at a jewelry store, but isn't allowed in because of his shabby clothes. After bribing a guy to use his cell phone, Larry calls pal Richard Lewis, who arrives to help--except that the store is now closed for lunch. The pair end up helping a blind man move into his apartment, the jewelry store closes for the night, and Richard ends up coveting the same bracelet that Larry wants to buy. The Bracelet
Joan Tompkins guestStars
Food Inc. 0 2013-09-25 16
Roxann Dawson directors
directors Peter Weller
2 2014-09-17 About Corruption 3
writers Julie Martin
1 Ghosts of the Sargasso 6 On a scientific expedition in the Bermuda Triangle, Doc's experimental equipment awakens and possibly enrages the submerged ghost of Major Tom, a test pilot who crashed in an experimental aircraft designed by Doc's father. While there, the Ventures' hydrofoil is hijacked by a group of fake ghost pirates who've been stranded in the sargassum since Jesus Jones was popular. 2004-09-11
guestStars Julie Welch
57 2014-09-10 0 Return to Homs
director Nic Pizzolatto
actor Simon Schwarz
Laurence Mason guestStars
Arthur Gould-Porter guestStars
director Laura Shepherd
1 Chaucer, 1300-1400 1984-05-16 The Canterbury Tales showcases Chaucer's wit and brilliant characterizations. Featured performers: Gary Watson, Brian Coburn, Nicholas Gecks, Gerrard McArthur, and Ian Richardson. 3
Hanna Nikkanen guestStars
2 35 After a long absence, Barbara Lyons is returning to the island home of her father. Nightmare in the Sun 1961-06-19
guestStars David Lamont Wilson
1997-02-14 Brodie suggests that a classmate of his named Schack should be a suspect in the death of the student that Munch believes committed suicide. Frank and Mary meet with their marriage counselor and they begin to air some issues. Bayliss and Kellerman try to link together two deadly bombings. Schack attacks Brodie, but he can't prove it. He does offer a way to get Schack to admit to the murder. Frank tells Mary that he will agree to getting Olivia baptized. Mike connects the two bombings; the victims were both connected through the death of the Korean grocer who was murdered by a man who worked for Luther Mahoney. They suspect that there may be more bombs, including one at the courthouse where Meldrick and Julianna are waiting to meet with Judge Aandahl and Danvers, both of who were associated with the Korean grocer case. Frank arrives late to the baptism; Mary takes this as a sign and tells him she is leaving him for a while. 5 16 Valentine's Day
writers Nic Pizzolatto
1 18 Episode 18 2015-09-01
Jeffrey Donovan guestStars
guestStars Joe Howard
actor Tameka Empson
writers Gerd Oelschlegel
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
David Simon writers
Daniel R. Escobar guestStars
Pekka Lehto guestStars
Antonio D. Charity guestStars
network SundanceTV
directors James Yoshimura
Oscar Zia guestStars
directors Christine Gernon
Shin'ichirou Miki actor
1 About  Conspiracies: Citizenfour 2015-09-09 3
Jerry Seinfeld guestStars
Munemasa Nakamoto writers
The Doll 2 Larry's attendance at a screening results in chaos; an unlockable bathroom door causes trouble. Guest starring Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Rita Wilson and Susie Essman. 7 2001-11-04
guestStars James Urbaniak
Lisa Gaye guestStars
2006-05-07 Night Head Genesis 'Possessing psychic power by utilizing an untapped portion of their brains called, ''Night Head'', the Kirihara brothers escape from a laboratory amidst a new wave of revolution. Ended
Murray Rubin guestStars
John Tucker Battle writers
director Ashley Sabin
Ashly Holloway guestStars
directors Sarah Pia Anderson
directors ????
director John Dahl
2009-05-19 0 6 F4 After Story 4
director Jean de Segonzac
director Bryan Gordon
director Jackson Publick
11 2016-03-04 Chapter 50 Frank ups the ante on the war on terror to counter Conway's public show of strength. Tom joins Claire on the campaign trail. 4
writers Tom Fontana
Paul Boocock guestStars
Larry Pennell guestStars
Zach interviews Jon Hamm of AMC's Mad Men. 1 Jon Hamm 2008-12-12 3
Teemu Laajasalo guestStars
Tina Fey guestStars
directors Nick Gomez
Eric Lapidus writers
1 55 Monty Repeats Himself 'A teacher asks Monty to paint something new instead of repeating himself, but Monty thinks repetition can sometimes be useful. 2017-07-14
guestStars Pia Johansson
2 6 1968-10-11
director Agnieszka Holland
Herbert Marshall guestStars
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
2 1 1964-02-27
Kenneth Fink directors
Rino Romano guestStars
guestStars Ursula Burton
Summary I 0 This episode summarizes the events the Tsubasa Tiger episodes 7 2013-08-11
Pat Collins guestStars
Donna Cooper guestStars
The Body In The Sports Bag 1 'Hosted by Steve Liebmann, The Body In The Sports Bag explores the disappearance and brutal murder of Sydney teenager, Lyndsay Van Blanken. This chilling episode features detailed re-enactments, interviews with key homicide detectives and heartbreaking accounts from Lyndsay's family and friends. The gripping special also features an exclusive emotional interview with Brandon Leonard, Lyndsay's American fianc?. 2005-08-01 14
directors Tim Hunter
Stephen DeStefano guestStars
Dana Ivey guestStars
writers Stephen Tolkin
Kim Hyun-joong actor
2 13 Wolfe and Archie investigate the murder of the Head of the Bureau of Price Regulations, who was about to speak before the National Industry Association. The Silent Speaker (1) 2002-07-14
directors Tomoyuki Itamura
Sekou Laidlow guestStars
Edward Norton guestStars
2 Hill of Ghosts 30 1961-05-15
James Thornton actor
The Documentary On New Year's Eve, the detectives sit back in the quiet of the evening and watch a documentary that Brodie has made about them and their work. During the filming, Brodie also happens to capture the lunchtime bandit red-handed. 11 1997-01-03 5
James Bonnet guestStars
Larry David writers
13 1 Episode 13 2015-08-17
director John McNaughton
Christian Lees guestStars
director Laura Shepherd
Colin Fox guestStars
1 2017-10-20 65 Monty is puzzled when his cousin Flora doesn't enjoy playing the same way he does. Cousin Flora
Martin Short guestStars
guestStars Mikko Hypp?nen
Sanjeev Bhaskar writers
Brett Halsey guestStars
1 Koyomi Araragi has an argument with his sister and then finds it difficult to stay in the house. He goes to the park where he meets Hitagi Senjyogahara. They see a little girl, Mayoi Hachikuji, comparing the town map displayed in the park to the memo in her hand. Learning that Mayoi has lost her way and route to a relative's home, Koyomi offers to help, only to be violently rebuffed. 2009-07-17 Mayoi Snail - Part 1 3
6 Chapter 69 2018-11-02 4 As a crisis mounts in Syria, Russian President Viktor Petrov wants to make a deal with Claire. Questions arise about Tom Yates's whereabouts.
Beau Willimon writers
Robert B. Weide director
Paul Boocock guestStars
director Erich Neureuther
Teemu Laajasalo guestStars
Mark Bernier guestStars
Frank John Hughes guestStars
writers William Simpson
Pihla Viitala guestStars
You Only Live Once, YOLO! 2016-03-25 6 4 Seeing the great view of Victoria Falls, the four young actors recall their memories for the last 11 days in Africa and they become emotional. They go rafting on the Zambezi River and enjoy one of the most thrilling experiences in their lives. Jun Yeol and Bo Gum move to do a bungee jump while the others give up.
Thomas Mitchell guestStars
2 A baby is left on a widow's doorstep with a note implying that her late husband had been its father. The widow, Lucy Valdon, hires Wolfe and Archie to find the true mother, but soon the case turns deadly. Motherhunt (1) 2002-05-12 6
1 12 Fujiko, Zenigata, Lupin, and Jigen go to a strange theme park to finally confront Fujiko's past, and the deranged Count Luis Yew Armied.  The Woman Called Fujiko Mine (1) 2012-06-20
Like A Pierrot ~ Daruma 7 ~ Seesaw 60 1 10 2008-02-03
A.J. Cast guestStars
directors Juliet May
M?ns Nathanaelson guestStars
1960-03-21 1 23 The Amazon Carla MacKinley owns the Amazon, an international yacht-racing champion, who hires the Tiki when her boat is unable to sail in a challenge race.
2 'A chilling investigation of John Ernest Cribb, who on August 11th 1978, broke into the home of the Connell's. On a winter’s afternoon, Valda Connell and her four-year-old son Damien arrived home after having collected ten-year-old Sally from school. What was as an average day for the family turned to horror when Valda and the children were confronted by a man brandishing a knife and ordering them back into the car.The man, John Ernest Cribb, had just a couple of months earlier been released on parole after serving about six years for armed robbery. As Cribb drove north towards Taree, on the NSW Mid North Coast, Valda pleaded to let her and her children go. Later, under the dark of night, Cribb raped the 39-year-old mother, while her two children remained in the car terrified, cold, and hungry.In the early hours of the next morning near the small town of Wingham, Cribb left the family gagged and bound in bushland next to a deserted road and then drove back south towards Newcastle. But his thoughts got the better of him as he began telling himself that Valda knew too much, and decided he must instead go back and silence her. He returns and with his knife, viciously slays the family, one by one… 8 2008-09-25 The Devil Inside - John Ernest Cribb
Beau meets Megan's cousin, NBC's Tim Russert. Kay and Stan return to duty, after Stan undergoes a final test, and Kay finds her desk has been moved. They like Beau, they both must get used to the job again. Tim and Beau investigate the discovery of a skeleton found buried in a backyard. Bolander and Munch discover an unlikely suspect in the murder of a quiet elderly couple: their grandson. Gee exposes Granger, who used his relatives in some department plumbing contracts; the information is leaked to the papers, Granger is forced to retire. Barnfather is made colonel and a new captain is named, Megan Russert. The higher ranks of the Baltimore police department are now more politically correct, but Gee doesn't like it. 1995-03-03 16 The Old and the Dead 3
directors ????
John Haynes Walker guestStars
Michael Dobbs writers
2017-11-07 1 Director Na Young Seok and the whole staff plan to kidnap WINNER despite the group already knowing the program. Step by step the staffs ask help from managers and even try some tricks, but the members are way too cautious of every detail. Later creating a fake commercial shooting set staffs hope WINNER will fall for this one, this time. How to Kidnap Someone Who Knows He'll Be Kidnapped! 5
writers David Finley
Lee Jin-Wook actor
guestStars Mikko Salasuo
Doc Hammer guestStars
David Fincher directors
writers Jeff Schaffer
2017-07-13 1 Parcel Puzzle When Violet tells Monty that a problem is too big for a little boy to solve, he wonders if only big people can solve big problems. 54
Jeffrey Wright guestStars
Nicholas Day guestStars
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Ellen Bergstr?m guestStars
directors Rick Marshall
director Jean de Segonzac
director James Neilson
Carol Sutton guestStars
Julia Cho guestStars
Ashley Liao guestStars
Sofia Milos guestStars
writers David Farr
Snowtown: Bodies in the Barrels 9 1 2005-08-01 'In 1999, eight bodies are found in six barrels filled with acid in a former bank vault in rural Snowtown, 50 kilometres north of Adelaide. Their investigation was to lead police to discover another four victims, in and around Adelaide. Four men were charged with murder and other offences. Eventually it was proven that 11 were murdered and another woman severely dismembered. The horrific murders that occurred over a 7-year period involve torture, dismemberment, even cannibalism.
1 Sam’s friend, Zach, is accused of murder. Sam offers to help out by checking up on his sister, Rebecca. Rebecca claims her brother could not have committed the murder because he was with her at the time of the murder. But all the physical evidence points to Zach being at the scene of the crime. Could Zach have been at two places at the same time? 6 Skin 2005-10-18
guestStars Keely Wells
Rob Paulsen actor
Jay Evans guestStars
2011-01-02 Arctic with Bruce Parry Ended Bruce Parry presents this five-part documentary series set in the spectacular wilderness of the Arctic, where he explores the dramatic changes its people are experiencing
guestStars Dan Duryea
9 Mike heads off to Texas to work with an outdoor advertising company. Billboard Installer 2007-06-26 3
directors Salim Akil
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Boyd Banks guestStars
Damon D'Oliviara guestStars
Gene Levitt writers
Niki Schwartz-Wright writers
Bob Moore guestStars
Joseph Brown guestStars
Andrew David DeAngelo guestStars
1 2018-10-05 L-O-N-- LONDON (1) The DiMeos cross the pond so Maya can ask her estranged father, the challenging Martin, for a loan to save their house. Meanwhile, Jimmy puts on his “fun dad” hat to ensure JJ has a great trip, Ray digs deep to summon Californian vibes to endear himself to British girls, and Kenneth reveals a love for all things royal. 3
Death is a frightening, unsettling prospect for us all. Myths and legends help explore those anxieties. But they tell us about more than mortal fear alone. For in a culture's tales of death we can see what it is they value in life. 1 6 The End Of All Things 2017-12-23
?? ? directors
1 March 13th, the morning of college entrance exams. Koyomi Araragi has died due to Izuko Gaen. Mayoi Hachikuji was waiting for him in the afterlife, and guides him towards an unknown destination. Koyomi would have never thought that this certain someone would be waiting for him there. Mayoi Hell - Part 1 2017-08-12 5
directors John David Coles
0 20 2017-01-06 Kizumonogatari III: Cold Blood Arc
guestStars Weaver Levy
Timothy Hutton directors
Charles Wilkinson guestStars
After lying to Koyomi claiming that she was just imagining things, Nadeko decides to help Kuchinawa find his lost corpse, but they agree that she will attend school as usual, while looking for his body at night. In the next day, during school, it is revealed that Nadeko's class is still in a bad mood due to the incident with Kaiki's charms, and thus the position of class rep was somewhat forced on her. Later at night, Nadeko sneaks out of her room to start looking for Kuchinawa's body and after following a false lead, she is found by Koyomi, who takes her to his house. It is then revealed that Nadeko's parents had realized she was missing and contacted Tsukihi, who lied to them claiming that she was sleeping there, while Koyomi left to look for her. After insinuating to Nadeko that they should sleep together, Koyomi is knocked out by Shinobu who appears before her and ponders on how convenient it is for her to have such a cute and defenseless demeanor before she drags Koyomi away to have him sleep on the couch. 2013-09-29 11 Nadeko Medusa - Part 2 3
director Christine Gernon
'Reading Rainbow is a children's series designed to promote reading comprehension in elementary school age children. Host LeVar Burton introduces the theme of the episode and the book to be profiled in an animated story using the illustrations from the book and narrated by a celebrity such as Bill Cosby, Ruby Dee, Richard Gere, and the late great stars Ossie Davis, Julia Child, Raul Julia and Gilda Radner for example. After the story is finished, feature stories in the same subject as the book are profiled and youth reviewers give critiques of three additional books. LeVar usually introduces the children critics by saying, ''But you don't have to take my word for it.'' 1983-06-06 Reading Rainbow Ended
Monty and Stan refuse to taste a strange-looking fruit, but Monty soon realises that you shouldn't judge a book by its cover. 1 41 2017-05-01 Ugli Fruit
1 Getting Nekkid Looking for change in her career and attitude, Mary Jane has an interesting encounter with a new man. 4 2017-01-10
writers Tom Fontana
2 2002-04-14 1 Orrie Cather, one of Wolfe's operatives, has been secretly seeing a wealthy man's kept mistress at her secret love nest. He is arrested when she turns up dead. Death of a Doxy (1)
Biff Wiff guestStars
Jade Wu guestStars
1 Adam agrees to transport a girl prisoner, Luana Monet, from Tahiti to police custody on the Island of Ralatea. 18 The Color of Venom 1960-02-08
Ricardo Hurtado guestStars
Partners 1995-01-20 11 Russert's old partner joins the homicide unit, but she suspects that he is taking his work frustrations out on his wife. Pembleton struggles with his pride and domestic life as Gee and Bayliss try to convince him to return. Bayliss is partnered with Lewis and on the way to the crime scene gets the ride of his life. Bayliss tangles with a reporter. Beau is in Philadelphia with his kids. The bar has its grand opening. 3
Joanna P. Adler guestStars
Larry David writers
John L'Ecuyer directors
Sharon Elizabeth Doyle writers
1965-08-03 4 3
Ashly Holloway guestStars
Akiyuki Shimbou directors
Larry plays the hero in the sky and underground; Jeff’s courtship of Ricky Gervais is sabotaged by a nosy waiter.  8 The Hero 2011-08-14 6
director Daniel Kontur
directors Peter Medak
guestStars Glenn Fleshler
Mark Beesley director
Mitchell Leisen directors
2015-11-03 Kara's life spins out of control; and Mary Jane helps Niecy land her first job. Being Kara 4 3
Reed Diamond actor
director Justus Addiss
2 1 2012-06-02 'David uses the latest 3D technology to explore a world beyond the confines of our human senses. He begins with the secret world of plant movement and uses sinister carnivorous plants to show just how active plants can be.Bladderwort utricularia is a pond-dweller that is among the fastest known, its traps snapping shut in less than a millisecond.As the seasons change, David demonstrates how plants operate on a different time scale to us; how they modify their lives according to the time of year. We discover insects’ hidden links with plants, both as pests and pollinators. UV-sensitive 3D cameras reveal the invisible alter-ego of plants and their flowers’ mesmerizing patterns; a parallel-dimension of strange colours and stunning patterns through which plants communicate with them.With the aid of visual effects, David steps among the swirling vortices of plant scent; communication signals with which plants are inextricably plugged in to the natural world. And using a tuning fork, he demonstrates how plants and insects can even communicate with music.As autumn envelopes the Gardens, fungi reveal themselves not as the enemies of plants but their vital allies. In Kew’s atmospheric Fungarium, David discovers a specimen that has the power of mind control and another that lives underground where it has grown to be so big it can be counted as the largest single organism on the planet. It is 6 times bigger than Kew Gardens itself.David concludes the film in the Princess of Wales Conservatory, where he meets an old friend, the great Titan arum. At 8ft tall, it is the largest flower in the world and a plant he remembers from a previous filming trip to Sumatra. Using heat sensitive cameras, David reveals the Titan arum’s secrets, how it uses a combination of heat and powerful scent to punch a hole in the stratified layers of air in the rainforest, enabling it to broadcast its presence across vast distances. Solving the Secrets
1 I Am Monty Monty doesn't think he is similar to anyone else in his family and wonders whether everyone in a family should be alike. 27 2016-09-13
How the Puppy Felt Like Eating Some Honey 1 1
1 How I Got My Posh 4 Birthdays have never been easy for Simon, especially when the whole school finds out what he really really wants. Meanwhile Ashlene meets a flasher and Aunty Hayley feels loved and a whole lot more. 2008-10-23
guestStars Ben Savage
directors Robert Florey
writers Doc Hammer
The story is divided into two phases: in the first, the protagonist Jos? Alfredo becomes a smuggler, being separated from his great love for the manipulative Cora. Disappointed, enters the world of smuggling of precious stones and builds an empire along with aristocrat Mar?a Marta. In the second part, Jos? Alfredo is a millionaire who sees his empire threatened by the arrival of Cristina, his illegitimate daughter, and the struggle of his wife and children for the family patrimony. 2014-07-21 Empire (2014) Ended
10 Chapter 36 2015-02-27 3 Frank needs to deal with Petrov one on one while Claire tries to preserve the peace-keeping mission. Sacrifices must be made.
Robert B. Weide directors
guestStars Beau Starr
Yasmine Hill guestStars
Alec Berg writers
Scott Adsit guestStars
Debbie Sarjeant writers
Henry Slate guestStars
John Judy guestStars
director Akiyuki Shimbou
Richard Liebmann-Smith guestStars
2 2009-03-26 Blood Sport: The Bondi Gay Murders  'In the late 1980s and early 1990’s a series of violent murders took place near Sydney’s famous Bondi Beach. Three innocent men were attacked and thrown to their deaths from a cliff top. The murders were part of a much wider wave of violent hate crimes as gangs of youths roamed Sydney’s inner suburbs randomly bashing and killing gay men for sport.Among the victims at Bondi was Wollongong television newsreader, Ross Warren, a gay man who disappeared while visiting friends in Sydney in 1989. Ross Warren’s case was dismissed by police as a “probable accident”. But his mother conducted a long campaign to have her son’s disappearance finalised.Then, some ten years after he was first reported missing, Ross’s police file finally came to the desk of one courageous investigator who started to dig a little deeper.Detective Sergeant Stephen Page quickly realised that there was more to the Ross Warren case than was uncovered in the original investigation. The file contained a great many unanswered questions.As he read the file Detective Page began to uncover similarities with other murders and slowly the shocking pattern of violence and death began to emerge.Another murder victim was Bondi resident John Russell, a gay man who had inherited some money and was about to leave for the country to start a new life when his body was found at the foot of the Bondi cliffs. 3
Avery Kidd Waddell guestStars
writers Alec Berg
Jean Holloway writers
Jeorge Watson guestStars
guestStars Peggy Ann Garner
2 Episode 5 2018-04-06 5
Craig Cackowski guestStars
Joel McKinnon Miller guestStars
1 1 The strange Slavic story of Ivan and Koschei the Deathless, the origins of King Arthur and the wizard Merlin, the journey of Odysseus as he resists the beautiful songs of the Sirens, and finally Sigurd and his battle with the dragon Fafnir. Heroes & Villains 2017-12-23
director Jeremy Podeswa
director Peter Markle
Mayoi Jiangshi - Part 1 2013-08-18 On August 20th, Koyomi Araragi left his home to deliver to Mayoi Hachikuji something she had forgotten, and bumped into the young shikigami girl Yotsugi Ononoki. Koyomi ended up buying Yotsugi a popsicle but was unable to find Mayoi. He realized upon coming home that he had not done any of the homework that he was supposed to do, yet tomorrow was already the day of the term opening ceremony. 6 3
Terry Hinz guestStars
2 Three Dummies make a journey to their way to Gullfoss. During their first attempt, the weather gets bad, and they head to Hallgrimskirkja, a beautiful church. They eventually make it to Gullfoss and are in awe due to the beautiful scenery. Meanwhile, Kang Ha Neul joins the group. 2016-01-08 Gullfoss 3
writers Ben Edlund
Neil Patrick Harris guestStars
Susan M. Lynskey guestStars
John Stocker guestStars
Joseph S. Eubanks guestStars
Lucy Webb guestStars
1 2017-04-18 Monty and Jimmy Jones think it would be exciting to have a pet lion and wonder why you can't keep wild animals at home. 32 Wild Thing
Laura Shepherd directors
director China Moo-Young
1 2016-07-04 11 Matching Socks When Monty can't find a pair of matching socks, he wonders why things should match at all.
6 4 2016-02-22 A supervillain attacks the Ventures. Rapacity In Blue
Elliott Arnold writers
director Ken Whittingham
Billy Quizboy has spent thirty years trying to decipher a series of cryptic clues hidden in Rusty Venture Cartoon Show episodes. Finally the solution to the mystery is at hand, but the answer forces Brock to discover what his true orders are. 2008-08-10 11 ORB 3
Thom Barry guestStars
actor Zhang Ruo Yun
directors David Kerr
writers ????
guestStars Debra Monk
Mark DeCarlo guestStars
John Rothman guestStars
9 All Booked Up 1999-11-04 Book-hater Greg is forced by a mysterious librarian to endlessly relive a bunch of classic stories. 3
directors Daniel Kontur
directors Tom Fontana
actor Melissa Leo
Nina Shipman guestStars
2 13 2010-02-27 To save Kahlan from execution, reluctant Cara must pose as a polished princess and compete in an elaborate masquerade of manners to win a powerful ruler's affections.  Princess
Wayne Ewing directors
1 6 Anniversary It's the night of Freddie and Stuart's anniversary party and Stuart decides that he is going to tell his mother the truth about him and Freddie being a couple. 2013-06-10
director Salim Akil
Speechless 2016-09-21 Maya DiMeo is a mom on a mission who will do anything for her husband, Jimmy, and kids Ray, Dylan, and JJ, her eldest son with special needs. As Maya fights injustices both real and imagined, the family works to make a new home for themselves and searches for just the right person to give JJ his “voice.” Ended
writers Ken Biller
Josephine Lawrence guestStars
directors Alvin Ganzer
director Timothy Hutton
writers John Kneubuhl
Larry Charles directors
Jonathan Slavin guestStars
Boyd Banks guestStars
guestStars Debra Monk
director Bruno Kirby
director Roy Delruth
Airi Lampinen guestStars
George Worthing Yates writers
director J?rgen Goslar
Richard Pilcher guestStars
Miguel Martinez-Joffre guestStars
directors Ed Bye
1 2014-08-22 Peru - Part 4 4
director Martin Witz
writers Doc Hammer
guestStars Ken Kramer
2 1994-10-01 All the Gory Details! A pair of newspaper reporters try to track down an old mad scientist. 6
Hong Soo catches Kang Woo interrogating Burying Beetle at Port Poongsan. While trying to stop Kang Woo, Burying Beetle gets away. But not everything is for naught, as Kang Woo now knows a clue related to Wire Shun. Meanwhile, the Golden Time Team gets a call from a man saying someone drunk or high has beaten him up. (Source: Viu) 2019-06-01 7 The Accelerator to the Abyss 3
guestStars Victor Anthony
Jerry Lyden guestStars
writers Julie Martin
guestStars Barney Cohen
Holly Dale directors
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Nick Alvarez guestStars
2008-07-20 8 The Monarch gets word that Dr. Venture and Brock are at a science conference, and decides to launch an attack on the Venture compound. Tears of a Sea Cow 3
1 2019-05-11 6 Word travels to Kim Won Bong and Fukuda, informing them of Young Jin's capture by Cheongbang, a notorious gang running Shanghai. Frustrated at Kim Seung Jin's tight lips, Won Bong fearlessly enters Cheongbang's headquarters head on. Meanwhile, back in Joseon, Hiroshi learns of Oda's intention of investigating Young Jin under the suspicion of having ties to  Yoo Tae Joon that outrages him. Cheongbang
William Erwin guestStars
guestStars Sari ?stman
Giancarlo Esposito guestStars
Sara Anne guestStars
0 Special Guest: Paavo Pylkk?nen 30 2013-10-30
Akiyuki Shimbou writers
Patricia Clarkson actor
Ellia English guestStars
Charles C. Stevenson Jr. guestStars
director Christine Gernon
Chris Whiteneck guestStars
Doc Hammer guestStars
9 Purging and Cleansing 'Mary Jane prepares for her return to ''TalkBack''; and begins a ''life cleanse'' in an effort to resurrect her finances and reclaim her voice as a journalist. 2015-12-08 3
John L'Ecuyer directors
Robert Bornarth guestStars
Isaiah Washington guestStars
writers Rolf und Alexandra Becker
Maria Hofst?tter actor
directors Christine Gernon
Kim Tae-han guestStars
2009-02-26 1 0 KBS Happy Together!
Harry Hamlin guestStars
2013-12-04 0 First Comes Love 42
Manhattan Glam Chowder 13 1
guestStars Mekhi Phifer
Gina Jin actor
2 Episode 4 1998-12-04 4
director Don McDougall
guestStars Carl Weathers
Kay Reindl writers
2013-08-28 0 Kumar? 'Kumar? is an American 2011 documentary film directed by Vikram Gandhi. To record the documentary, American filmmaker Vikram Gandhi transformed himself into Sri Kumar?, an enlightened guru from a fictional village in India, by adopting a fake Indian accent and growing out his hair and beard. In the film, Kumar? travels to Arizona to spread his made-up philosophy and gain sincere followers. 4
David de Lautour guestStars
Randall, who loves to invent destructive mechanical gadgets, gets his comeuppance as his appliances suddenly turn on him. 1999-09-30 Unpopular Mechanics 4 3
Robert Bockstael guestStars
directors Justus Addiss
Joey Hiott guestStars
Chapter 53 1 2017-05-30 As Congress debates investigating Frank, he and Claire attempt to stoke fear of terrorism. Tom Yates continues his stay in the White House. 5
Nicholas Day guestStars
Paul Majors guestStars
2 The Venture family must travel to space to repair an orbiting space station that Dr. Venture's father built in the 1970s, but a mysterious space phantom could be haunting the station! Things get even more intense as Brock's presence adds heat to an already tense romantic relationship between the station's two officers. 2004-08-14 1 Careers in Science
Laura Shepherd directors
2017-05-30 Chapter 57 5 5 Nine weeks after Election Day, the Underwoods work to consolidate their power. Leann tries to track down a missing Aidan Macallan.
Larry Charles directors
2017-08-15 Mary Jane and Justin's relationship goes viral. Frank, an old family friend of Helen and Paul's, stirs long-forgotten memories of a love triangle that clouded the early years of their marriage. 15 4 Feeling Hashtagged
Nisse Hallberg guestStars
G. Maximilian Zarou guestStars
writers Eric Overmyer
Giselle Torres guestStars
Mary Agnes Shearon guestStars
directors Bill Purple
director Ted Wass
Boyd Banks guestStars
Dan Hedaya guestStars
Animal Barber Mike first visits Terressentials where natural organic hair care products are made out of mud. He then returns to Montana to do some more work with big animal vet Charlene Esch. Finally, Mike joins forces with the yak and bison rancher who put him to work in his 150th Dirty Job.  2008-06-09 4 14
writers Charley Dane
Matthew Cowles guestStars
While the Monarch schemes to dispose of Dr. Venture once and for all, Henchman 21 seeks revenge on Brock for the death of 24. 8 Pinstripes & Poltergeists 2009-12-13 4
director Leslie Libman
Dana Lee guestStars
1 8 2016-12-12
director Julie Martin
Kari Matchett guestStars
guestStars Peter Cox
2 2015-06-28 Ben Caspar's autopsy reveals the gruesome details of his demise, and Ray and Ani wonder if it has anything to do with his fondness for prostitutes. Meanwhile, Frank looks into what might have happened to his missing fortune. 2 Night Finds You
13 1 Grounds for Horror Summer campers befriend an invisible being who plays pranks on a strict no-nonsense counselor. 1993-12-11
director Morag Fullarton
Alan Campbell guestStars
Helen Stenborg guestStars
Makan Shirafkin guestStars
guestStars William Lanteau
George Plimpton guestStars
guestStars Bob Dermer
Rudolf Jugert directors
writers Julie Martin
2 Trick or Treat 'When Larry and Cheryl attend the premiere of a movie written by a handicapped friend, Cliff Cobb, Larry offends a Jewish neighbor, alienates Cliff (as well as the memory of his salad-inventing grandfather) and sends misguided romantic overtures to Cliff's wife, Shelly. Later, the Davids experience the ''trick'' side of Halloween when Larry refuses to give candy to two uncostumed teenagers. Having failed to get a bracelet for his wife on her birthday, Larry makes amends with the perfect gift on a romantic morning, but then Jeff arrives to play a round of golf. In the end, Larry gets revenge on a jewish neighbor and his teenage daughters, by arriving at his home with the orchestra that he used for Cheryl's birthday, as they played the tune that offended this neighbor. 2001-10-07 3
directors Tristam Shapeero
Zach Anner guestStars
Larry David writers
13 150th Dirty Job Extravaganza 0 2007-10-23 2 hour special episode celebrating Mike's working 150 dirty jobs.  The episode also brings back some of your favorite people from Mike's former jobs.
Gardner McKay actor
Ken Campbell guestStars
1 Mike heads to Pennsylvania and tries his hand at making bologna and then goes to Alaska to repair a very special toilet. 2009-01-06 5 Bologna Maker
2 'In 1981, the headless and fingerless body of 19-year-old Kim Narelle Barry was found dumped in the bush at a mountain lookout near Wollongong, south of Sydney. Kim’s head and fingers were later found in bushland some distance from the lookout and damage to the skull showed she had been bludgeoned to death. Then, by chance, detectives discovered that on the night she died Kim had been in the company of a local miner, 24-year-old Graham Potter, who had suddenly disappeared. A national manhunt led to his eventual surrender. Potter was convicted of Kim Barry’s murder and sentenced to life imprisonment. No motive was ever established for the killing and Potter, who was released in 1996 after serving 15 years, still declares he is innocent. Headless Body: The Kim Barry Murder 2008-05-29 4
Lee Goldberg writers
Amy Adams guestStars
13 1 2017-03-04 The Birth of Satan (1) Jin Hyuk goes to meet Nam Sang Tae by himself, hoping for answers. Kwon Joo looks deeper into the relationship between Ji Hye, Kong Chul Hwan, and GP Development.
Judge Gibbons has been stabbed. On their way to the crime scene, Bayliss and Pembleton talk about a book that Bayliss is reading, then Pembleton wonders if anyone would ever write a book about their Homicide unit. A probation officer is murdered in a drive-by shooting. The FBI gets involved with investigation of the Gibbons death. Agent Bauer mentions to Bayliss that Kellerman's confrontation with Gibbons probably got the judge killed. He wants Kellerman clear of the case. A fingerprint lifted from the Gibbons' crime scene points to Georgia Rae's son, Junior Bunk. Falsone and Stivers get a lead on their probation officer shooting case. As Junior Bunk is brought in for questioning, he eyeballs a handgun being put in a drawer. Pembleton and Bayliss get Junior in the box and he is no longer able to be intimidated. While waiting to be transferred to central booking, Kellerman, Lewis & Gharty harass Junior. Slightly freed up to make a phone call, Junior gets the gun out of the desk and begi 22 Fallen Heroes (1) 6 1998-05-01
1 Gone Fishin' 1993-10-09 'In ''Gone Fishin','' Randy seems to find his uncle's fishing hobby distasteful, but Uncle Ned claims that ''if you take the bait, you pay the price'' -- a lesson that Ned's soon to learn from the fish. 4
writers Sally Wainwright
directors Alec Berg
Isabella Hofmann guestStars
directors Edward J. Lakso
writers Sally Wainwright
Lisa Hammer guestStars
Jan Sterling guestStars
Tucker Smallwood guestStars
guestStars Bill Saluga
directors Henry Bromell
guestStars William J. McKeon III
1 2009-03-21 Bloodline While trying to keep the Box of Orden out of Darken Rahl's hands, Richard learns something new about his ties to Zedd. 16
director Sutton Roley
director Tom Fontana
director J?rgen Goslar
1 Episode 5 'Sketches:Muslim Woody Allen,Fat Boy - Birthday cake,Minx Twins - Gay disco,Fat Boy - Chicken,The Marriage Emporium,Chat Up,Indian Wedding,Mr 'Everything Comes From India' - Words,Minx Twins - Street,Fat Boy - Paddling pool,Lack of Indian Culture,Mr 'Everything Comes From India' - Books,Minx Twins - Swing,Immigration (song),Fat Boy - Trifle,Guilt Trip Parents,Minx Twins - FootballAd Agency,Tampon Ad,Mr 'Everything Comes From India' - Car parts. 5 1998-02-09
Special Guest: Teemu Laajasalo 2013-08-28 0 3
Richard Landau writers
2 2010-04-24 18 Darken Rahl plots his return to the land of the living, using a hapless look-alike; the Seeker races to find a stolen scroll, which holds the key to his quest for the Stone of Tears. Walter
V?ichni spole?n? pozoruj? pr?vod, pot? jdou do vlasteneck?ho divadla U Hybern?. U p??le?itosti korunovace se kon? freib?l, na kter? jde i Franti?ek s M?rinkou. Jsou tu i Paula a Betty, kter? se M?rince posm?v?. V?k ji usad? a M?rince ?ekne, ?e douf?, ?e se stane jeho nev?stou. Po n?vratu dom? jim po?ehn? ?alman a v kostele se kon? svatba. 1 12 Svatba
directors Gilbert L. Kay
guestStars Michael York
Kaitlin Olson guestStars
2 Resurrection 7 'Richard becomes an unwilling pawn in Mord'Sith Denna's plot to control the throne Darken Rahl's death left vacant. 2010-01-09
Larry Charles directors
Wayne Gruen guestStars
directors Andrew Merrifield
Natalie Portman guestStars
writers Danny Chun
Emma Knyckare guestStars
My Name Is Earl 2005-09-20 Earl Hickey's life has been full of poor choices and mistakes, and upon discovering that he is the holder of a winning lottery ticket, Earl is hit by a car and the ticket blows out of his hand as he lies unconscious in the street. While recovering in the hospital and watching television, Earl has a karmic epiphany, thanks to Carson Daly, who attributes his success to doing good for others. A light bulb goes on in Earl's dim head, and he sets out to right every wrong he has done, starting with a geek he tormented in grade school. Ended
directors Gerald Mayer
Kate Walsh guestStars
8 The Ski Lift 2005-11-20 5 Anticipating having to give a kidney to Richard Lewis, Larry tries to develop a contingency plan should he need a kidney donation himself. Meanwhile, a nurse claims Jeff has some shortcomings.
Christopher Lopez guestStars
Dr Funny Bones 1 2017-07-06 49 When Stan gets a splinter in his finger, Monty ponders if laughter really can be the best medicine.
writers Doc Hammer
24 Mike moves a giant cactus in Arizona and then helps raise maggots on a farm in Idaho. 4 2008-12-02 Maggot Farmer
director Jakob Verbruggen
guestStars Rod McLachlan
Kompletn? s?rie 1 0
Maureen Anderman guestStars
There are plenty of thrills and spills when Baz and Nancy head to Florida, buckling up for a rollercoaster ride, before hanging out with some wild alligators. 1 2014-09-08 Florida 3
7 The Heart of a Saturday Night Family members of murder victims (Widmer, Rath and Silvio) are in a support group where they discuss their feelings about the loss they have each suffered. Short-handed, Gee investigates the Widmer homicide at the Waterfront Bar. Bayliss' homicide is unidentified for 48 hours before she is identified as being Rath. Lewis and Munch investigate a car jacking at Federal Hill, where the mother is the victim and the 3-year-old daughter in the car at the time is missing. Meanwhile, Howard, Kellerman and Pembleton stay behind. Frank interviews the two witnesses that Tim had in for questioning and gets a lead on a suspect. Cox joins the support group meeting late; she is still coping with the death of her father. 5 1996-11-15
writers James Yoshimura
guestStars Marrett Green
Kari Matchett guestStars
Zach Anner writers
writers Tian Jun Gu
1 4 2016-12-08
Jason Alexander guestStars
2 2017-08-15 Episode 3 3
Brad Silverman guestStars
David Schurmann guestStars
9 In Yakima, Wash., Vern Holbrook runs a successful real estate firm, but tragedy looms for this realtor as his stepson's marriage crumbles and a business deal goes sour.  Agent of Death 2016-03-12 3
network Adult Swim
actor Kim Seung-su
Peggy Yates guestStars
director Myles Connell
Laura MacDonald guestStars
1 8 Beloved Aunt 'When Cheryl's aunt dies, Larry is left in charge of the obituary. But when the newspaper accidentally places ''beloved c*nt'' instead of beloved aunt, things take an expected turn for the worse. 2000-12-03
director Norman Foster
Paul Hartman guestStars
H-A-L-- HALLOWEEN 1 2016-10-26 'Jimmy is upset the kids no longer want to participate in the family tradition of dressing up for Halloween. Maya tries to cheer up Jimmy by allowing him to do things he loves by taking things off the family ''Dead to Me'' list. Meanwhile, Ray recruits Dylan to help work the school's haunted mansion while Kenneth is scared of losing his job when JJ gets drunk at a party. 5
Roope Mokka guestStars
1 The Secret of the Trash House - Eyes Inside the Wall (3) 8 Jin Hyuk tries to escape the clutches of Good Friend, who don't quite live up to their name. The hunt for the perpetrator continues, but he is not an easy target. 2017-02-12
T. Ryder Smith guestStars
Abduction 17 6 1998-03-27 A four-year-old boy is abducted while riding a merry-go-round in the park under the supervision of his mother. The Homicide unit, which helps in the investigation of all child abductions, is called in and Falsone is the primary. When the boy's father has an alibi that checks out, the detectives beginning to check on known pedophiles and later they receive a call from the possible kidnapper. When that doesn't pan out, they start over. The host of a nationwide television program, This Weeks Wanted, suggests that they hypnotize the little girl who was riding on the horse next to the boy. Hypnosis reveals a partial plate number and that leads to a lucky break. Ballard and Stivers discuss motherhood and Falsone checks on his son.
directors Cary Fukunaga
2012-05-30 Lupin and Jigen find themselves looking after a girl who was used as a living piece of art, whilst evading Fujiko, who desperately wants to kill her for personal reasons.  Steamy Desire 1 9
directors Jay Chandrasekhar
Tara Henson guestStars
Kenneth Biller writers
Tokyo Takedown 1 7
Barry Levinson guestStars
Amy Hill guestStars
Johnny White guestStars
Gil Grail guestStars
guestStars Robin Ruzan
guestStars James Urbaniac
Mark Bailey guestStars
guestStars Nat Benchley
Burgi Geos, Yell, Shetland Islands 1 7
2 While Cynthia is out due to illness, Mary Jane and Kara host and produce a primetime news hour. In other events, Paul Jr. decides between job offers. 10 Primetime 2015-04-07
writers James Yoshimura
Rhonda Overby guestStars
guestStars James Urbaniak
Episode 4 2009-01-13 1 While Jandi and Junpyo are out on a date, they accidently lock in the cable car. Junpyo suffers from high fever and Jandi nurses him all night. This quickly spreads to the whole school and Jandi experiences totally different treat from fellow students, as Junpyo’s girlfriend. Jandi’s friend Minjee brings her to the club and she finds a guy who reminds her of Jihu. The next day morning, Jandi wakes up in the hotel room and she can’t remember what happened the night before. 4
directors Tom Fontana
director David M. Barsky
Carlos Cervantes guestStars
Al Pitcher guestStars
71 2017-10-30 1 Honestly Monty Monty breaks Jeanie's science project and is scared to tell her the truth, but soon discovers that honesty is the best policy
director George Bloomfield
Bradley Cooper guestStars
John Ross Bowie actor
Charisse Brown guestStars
Toufuyashi writers
Ougi Dark - Part 2 'To stop Ougi from meddling further, Koyomi has a final confrontation with her.  6 5 2017-08-13
1 1
Maya is less than thrilled when Kenneth interferes with her business plans with Melanie. Ray begs JJ to cast him opposite his new crush, Izzy, in his next movie, which has unexpected consequences. Meanwhile, Dylan is impressed with Jimmy’s band. 11 2019-01-18 H-- HEY, YOU 3
1 Special Part 1 0 'The broadcasting station revealed on September 13 that they will air a special broadcast for the drama that consists of shortened versions of episodes one through eight, behind-the-scenes clips, and NG cuts.first half of the broadcast will focus on episodes one through four, going all the way back to Lee Yeong (Park Bo Gum) and Hong Ra On (Kim Yoo Jung)’s fateful yet comical meeting as well as to how Hong Ra On ends up at the palace as a eunuch 2016-09-16
2 Angel of Death 1961-03-06 21
Marcia Wilkie guestStars
2 Night has fallen and the crisis is no closer to being resolved. Gee demands that Barnfather make a decision. Frank continues to trying to adjust. Frank insists on going to the hostage scene. The identity of the hostage-taker is made when he demands that his pig be brought to the school. When the pig doesn't arrive in time, he sets a fire and seriously wounds a hostage (who later dies) and then becomes badly burned. Brodie takes issue with Munch's treatment of Pembleton. The paperwork gets completed and the hostage-taker is formally charged. Frank makes a decision regarding his recovery. 1996-09-27 Hostage (2) 5
1 About Violence with Alo J?riloo 11 2013-11-06
Christopher Glenn Wilson guestStars
directors Carl Franklin
Alik Sakharov directors
Robert Bockstael guestStars
Getting Real An interview with a fiery reality star makes Mary Jane a social media sensation. Things rapidly heat up with Lee. 2017-01-31 4 3
directors Christine Gernon
writers David Mandel
Frank Pugliese writers
1 When Go Dong Chul's death is ruled a suicide, Kwon Joo realizes she must take things into her own hands. Jin Hyuk hurries to find the victim, whom he knows personally, of a kidnapping case. Ringing from the Darkness - The Secret of the Chocolate Box (1) 2017-01-22 4
writers Julie Martin
guestStars H. Michael Walls
Ryouko Shiraishi actor
writers Danny Chun
Bruce MacVittie guestStars
Devallon Scott writers
Carlos Campbell guestStars
director Kyle Secor
Ron Randell guestStars
2 2006-08-15 Mike Rowe first joins a crew at a rock quarry in Washington and learns what it takes to make gravel from loading rocks to blowing up a side of a mountain. Next, Mike gets hip deep in mud and muck working with the hippo keepers at the Adventure Aquarium in Camden, NJ. Finally, Mike helps a crew of hooftrimmers give some cows a pedicure and later cleans a cow foot bath. Hoof Cleaner 14
Seymour Cassel guestStars
writers Jorge Zamacona
actor Richard Brooks
Brent Pope guestStars
2019-03-22 19 P-R-O-M-P--PROMPOSAL 3 Outraged that JJ's girlfriend, Izzy, declines his invitation to prom, Dylan and Ray swing for the fences with a bold plan to make her jealous. Jimmy, Kenneth and Melanie coach Maya through accepting criticism for the good of her company, and one of the DiMeos takes a big step into a new life.
9 1 2001-06-04 Door to Death Wolfe needs a new orchid man, and goes on an adventure to find him. Only to find a murder scene at his destination and no way of retrieving the horticulturalist without first solving the mystery.
Pob's Programme is a children's television programme, which was broadcast in the United Kingdom on Channel 4 between October 1986 and November 1987. The programme is presented by a puppet named Pob (played by puppeteer Robin Stevens), who speaks a primitive version of English and who supposedly lives inside the viewer's TV (the casing and red, green and blue electron guns visible behind him). The opening titles of the show consist of the character breathing on the camera lens (this breathing was often mistaken for spitting, given the loud noise accompanying it and the thick condensation appearing on screen), and tracing his name in the condensation. Each week on the programme, a celebrity guest visits Pob's garden, and entertains him — though Pob and the guest never appear on screen together. Pob 1986-10-01 Ended
Fujiko is after the pendant belonging to a student in an all girls school. To get closer to her target, she impersonates herself as one of the teachers in the school. 1 2012-05-09 Prison of Love 6
director Larry Charles
Ji?ina Bohdalov? actor
writers Paul Attanasio
1 The Archer's Ring 'A beautiful young chinese woman, Monique Le Febure asks Adam Troy to charter his schooner ''''Tiki'''' to look for his grand-father. She tells the story of a group of old chinese men who for their retirement returned to their island with their personal belongings. They were in a seaplane, which apparently disappeared and sunk. 1960-01-11 14
The Monarch faces financial challenges as he attempts to rebuild his fiendish organization; Dean tries to establish a normal life outside of his father's shadow at sleep-away college. 7 The High Cost of Loathing 2018-08-27 4
After uncovering the fact that an elderly woman's tongue was cut out, Kay decides it is time to take a vacation. She returns home and while she is there she looks into the murder of an environmentalist. The suspects include her brother, an ex-beau and their co-worker. Pembleton reluctantly becomes Felton's partner and they finish investigating the murder of the elderly woman. Munch is against having a television put in their bar. 7 1994-12-09 The Last of the Watermen 3
Richard Kind guestStars
writers Yukito Kizawa
Mike Binder guestStars
directors Juliet May
Ed Lauter guestStars
2 Mary Jane undergoes a fertility treatment as part of a series on modern-day motherhood. She also makes Niecy her new pet project after Niecy's secret is discovered; and tries to land an interview with an elusive multi-millionaire. Mary Jane Knows Best 2015-02-17 3
Davi Jay guestStars
Rudy Martinez guestStars
Nina Hellman guestStars
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
'Franti?ek odj??d? na kr?tk? v?let za Butteauv?mi. Zde n?hodou uvid? Paulu a Th?ma a pochop?, kdo je Th?movou tajnou l?skou. V ten okam?ik ho dostihne Lotty, Franti?ek s n? nechce mluvit.Mlad? V?k se dozv?d?, ?e jeho maminka je nemocn? a rozhodne se odjet dom?. Otec ho zprvu nechce p?ijmout. I kdy? jeho n?vrat maminku uzdrav?, otec s Franti?kem jedn? ?patn?, je pro n?j jen levnou pracovn? silou, dokonce mu ?acuje kapsy, kdy? m? podez?en?, ?e Franti?ek kradl v kr?m?. Franti?ek by r?d ode?el do Prahy. 1 N?vrat dom? 6
Harry A. Winter guestStars
guestStars Allan Wasserman
2 1 2011-01-09 'Bruce Parry journeys to the far north of Greenland, home to the last traditional Inuit hunters.Bruce experiences the realities of life - and death - on a seal hunt, and learns how climate change is threatening their ancient way of life.But while global warming is causing problems for the hunters, it is providing others with new opportunities. As the vast Greenland ice sheet melts, new mineral riches are being revealed.  Bruce works with a mining team who are about to strike it big. Greenland is changing fast - but will there still be a place for hunters in the Arctic of the twenty-first Century? Greenland
guestStars Andrew Borba
Do You Want Fries With That? 13 1 'Greg's latest legal victory leaves him depressed in the middle of the office celebration, so Dharma suggests that maybe Greg should quit and ''''follow his bliss.'''' It turns out that Greg's suppressed passion is for cooking, so he informs his disturbed parents that he is starting a new career as a short-order cook in a hamburger joint. This prompts Edward to confession his own secret talent: hairdressing. 1998-01-07
2 Philippines 1 Thrill-seeker Baz Ashmawy and his mother Nancy return for more wild adventures, beginning by visiting a prison in Cebu in the Philippines and performing a dance with 700 inmates. They also head to the city's Crown Regency Hotel to ride on the Edge Coaster, before Nancy directs rush-hour traffic in Manila and co-pilots a plane to the picturesque island of Coron. 2015-09-01
guestStars Erik Ekstrand
David Kency guestStars
1 66 hen Monty has questions that Stan and Violet can't answer, he wonders if there is anyone who knows everything 2017-10-23 Know It All
Dan Holden writers
Blayne Farlough guestStars
Koyomi and Hitagi spend the rest of the date bonding further. Once back home, Koyomi has another encounter with Ougi. 2017-08-12 5 4 Hitagi Rendezvous - Part 2
Beau Willimon writers
writers Henry Bromell
writers Melissa James Gibson
director Paul Stanley
director ?? ???
2 1 Ghost of a Chance 'Bayliss and Pembleton continue to struggle with the Watson case. Bolander and Munch discuss ''''iguana style'''' and are called to check out the homicide of a victim that isn't dead, at least the first time they're called. While checking out some leads for the Watson case, Crosetti gives his theory on the conspiracy to kill Abraham Lincoln. Lewis wants to flood Memorial Stadium. Bolander expresses an interest in Dr. Blythe; Munch advises and sends flower's in Stan's name. Danvers needs a stronger case; however, Howard is frustrated with a dead end. Then the ghost of the victim leads her to the undiscovered proof. Tim attends Adena's funeral. 1993-02-03
Louisa Abernathy guestStars
Diane Taylor writers
Mary Harron directors
2 The Good Killing 1961-01-30 16
About Art with Terike Haapoja 1 2013-10-02 6
director James Yoshimura
Robert Sampson guestStars
24 1 Hand Walk III ~ Seesaw 60 2008-02-03
actor Jung Hye-sung
Jason Burke guestStars
directors Alan Taylor
writers Alec Berg
guestStars JB Smoove
directors Nic Pizzolatto
Joe Orofino guestStars
Fuyashi T? writers
1 10 2016-07-01 The Beautiful Game Monty questions whether you can only play a game if you have all the correct equipment.
actor Takahiro Sakurai
guestStars Joey Slotnick
SilverHawks In the far-flung future, the Galaxy of Limbo is in dire need of some heroes. Terrorized by the ruthless villain Mon-Star and his intergalactic horde, the only hope against this tyranny are the partly metal, partly real cybernetically enhanced super-team: The SilverHawks. Led by the daring Quicksilver, the SilverHawks use their amazingly enhanced bodies, their razor sharp wits, and a steely resolve to battle Mon-Star and the forces of evil across the galaxy. 1986-09-01 Ended
Irwin Winehouse writers
Mary B. Ward guestStars
2 9 2006-06-27 'Mike first heads off to Las Vegas to work at an old fashioned printing press making lithographs of himself for the official Dirty Jobs poster. Mike then goes to Lincoln, CA and helps make large scale terra cotta building sculpture pieces from recycled terra cotta sewer pipes. Finally, Mike visits a garbage processing plant in San Francisco where food and assorted scraps are passed through a rolling cylinder and ''digested'' to make a methane gas energy supply. Garbage Pit Technician
writers James Stoteraux
2 2013-07-14 As her parents still had not found another place to live, Tsubasa keeps staying at Hitagi's place. However, it is later revealed that the recent events had such an impact on Tsubasa that she is once again possessed by the Cursed Cat. The possessed Tsubasa sneaks away from Hitagi's house to confront the tiger she had met previously, as according to her, the fire at her house was caused by it. After a fierce confrontation with the apparition, Tsubasa returns to Hitagi's house just to find her awake and waiting for her. As Hitagi was already aware of the Cursed Cat, she was not suprised upon meeting it. In the next day, Tsubasa is back to normal with no memories of her possession like usual and for some reason, Hitagi asks her once again if she is really in love with Koyomi.  Tsubasa Tiger - Part 2 3
Episode 4 2017-03-31 1 4
directors J?rgen Goslar
Cleo Reginald Pizana guestStars
directors Na Young Seok
Steve Skrovan guestStars
Sedona James guestStars
Cynthia Watros guestStars
Julia Louis-Dreyfus guestStars
Archie is arrested for impersonating a police officer while investigating the death of a woman who had stayed briefly at Wolfe's brownstone. Nero comes to the aid of his headstrong assistant, and they eventually expose a scheme to steal a fortune that someone feels is worth killing for. 1 Prisoner's Base (1) 2001-05-13 5
2007-07-22 'Emmy Award-winning actor and Golden Globe nominee John Leguizamo and Donnie Wahlberg star in Spike TV's new original scripted series, THE KILL POINT, an eight-hour event focusing on two men as they square off during a bank heist gone horribly wrong and the hostage negotiations that ensue. John Leguizamo is ''Mr. Wolf,'' the leader of a small group of military veterans who set out to rob a major bank in Pittsburgh. When things go awry, they're forced to take more than a dozen hostages from all walks of life, including a wealthy and powerful businessman's daughter. Suddenly, ''Mr. Wolf'' finds himself battling the police, the hostages and members of his own team while at the same time, fighting his own personal demons from the Iraq war and from his own war at home. Will he be sharp enough to hold it all together or lose control of the situation? And will he find redemption before it's too late -- and does he even care to? On the opposite side of the perimeter is ''Horst Cali,'' the Pittsburgh Police Department Hostage Negotiator, played by Donnie Wahlberg, who must go toe-to-toe with ''Mr. Wolf.'' ''Cali'' must use his wit and negotiating skills, while managing his own personal issues, to manipulate the situation and convince Wolf to free the hostages before the FBI takes control, or worse. With time of the essence and the uncertainty of the unfolding events, both men need to remain resourceful and collected or risk losing lives. THE KILL POINT reveals how the hostage takers leverage their situation and how the negotiator tries to unravel their plans. Which man will blink? Who will outsmart the other? Who will survive? It's a dangerous game of chess played out with human lives at stake. The Kill Point Ended
1 12 Home 2009-02-21 Using a rare astronomical alignment, Darken Rahl has his wizard, Giller, cast the Spell of the Lying Moon, placing Richard under a dreamlike trance, in an attempt to reveal the hidden location of the third Box of Orden.
Christopher Kadish guestStars
directors Jodie Foster
2009-10-18 Denise Handicap 7 Larry believes that he has found a way to enjoy someone else's disability without being disabled himself. Meanwhile, he hopes to end a rumor that Rosie O'Donnell can beat him up. 5
director Charles Hass
Peril at Pitcairn 1 9 1959-12-07 During a vacation in Papeete, Captain Troy lets himself be convinced to board some passengers and sail to Pitcairn Island. However, a few hours before their arrival on the island, one passenger is stabbed with a knife belongiing to the Tiki, Troy's schooner.
writers Tom Fontana
directors Henry Bromell
2 Fits Like a Glove 1994-10-21 Gaffney allows a possible murder site to be washed down which causes Pembleton to go off on him. Russert takes Gaffney off the case and Pembleton is made the primary. Things get more complicated as a second victim is found. Beau tries to decide between his family and his relationship with Megan and he confides in Kay; his wife tries to reconcile with him. Russert wrestles with the media demands about the case. Something from Bayliss' past comes out when they try to get the liquor license for their bar. Bayliss goes to the liquor commissioner to work things out. A collector of the macabre comes in search of the victim's white gloves. A third victim is discovered. 3
director Matt Reeves
guestStars Grant Rosenmeyer
Danny Chun writers
director Michael Morris
2015-03-24 2 8 SNC covers a fatal school shooting in Atlanta; Mary Jane meets Sheldon's circle of friends; a new man in Kara's life helps her find a new purpose; Mark's relationship with Eric comes to an end; and Patrick makes a heartbreaking discovery. One is the Loneliest Number
director Jorge Zamacona
1 Jihu runs out of the clinic and wanders in the rain. Jandi's heart aches for Jihu, as she nurses him all night long. At the same time, Junpyo awaits Jandi at the rooftop house. Yijung takes Gaeul out to the club, chats with other ladies, and makes her feeling uncomfortable. However, already knows the pain in his heart, Gaeul pities him instead. After finding out the whereabouts of Junpyo, his mother confines him to the house. Then she goes to Jandi to humiliate her in front of everyone. The next day, F3 and Gaeul visit Jandi to comfort her and they start rooftop room renovation. Jaekyeong takes Junpyo out from home and joins them, and when they all start ‘the truth game’, the tension starts rising. 19 2009-03-10 Episode 19
N'Bushe Wright guestStars
1 1 River Wye, Chepstow
directors Tom Fontana
actor Kyla Kenedy
6 1 The cricket and the chicken
1 The Scream Heist It's 1994 - only hours before the opening of the 17th Olympic Winter Games in Lillehammer, Norway. The whole nation's attention is directed toward Lillehammer - and at the same time, the world famous painting Scream by Edvard Munch is stolen from the National Gallery. Will the police be able to frame and arrest the infamous art thief Pal Enger? This investigative musical, told by everyone involved - including Pal Enger himself, tells the incredible story of a desperate undercover operation where the reputation of a whole nation is at stake. 6 2018-04-02
1 2008-02-03 38 Super Rider III ~ Daruma 7
7 Getting Judged A leaked story in the press about Mary Jane threatens to derail one of the most important moments of her career. 2017-02-28 4
Michael Pace guestStars
Rachel Simon guestStars
Reginald Denny guestStars
David Valdes guestStars
2013-12-26 0 About a Woman (6) with Tarja Halonen 51
Todd Giebenhain guestStars
writers ????
director Nina Davenport
Sedona James guestStars
guestStars Kate Adair
Cheat Freddie and Stuart go shopping for a new coat for Freddie's Dr Who fan club event. Meanwhile new neighbour Ash seeks advice from Violet and Penelope on winning back his ex-­girlfriend. 2 1 2013-05-06
directors Don Weis
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
2 'Mike Rowe wrangles some water snakes, steps into the shoes of hard working bait and lobster fishermen in Maine, and opens the viewer mail bag which results in some seaweed trimming. 2006-11-28 Snake Researcher 17
directors Nick Wood
director Daniel Sackheim
writers Tom Fontana
Ursula Taherian guestStars
W-H-- WHEELCHAIR P-L-- PLANET 16 The DiMeos come together to help JJ shoot a last-minute film for his college application, working against the clock and Maya’s own best interests. Jimmy makes an embarrassing gaffe with JJ’s beloved, and Kenneth and Ray scramble to suppress embarrassing secrets. 2019-03-01 3
Lost Loyalty 2014-10-29 8 The discovery of slaves on the Pritchard farm has turned a murder inquiry into a huge, multi-agency investigation. Under investigation for the crash, a devastated Janet finds solace in Chris's calm reasoning. When an incandescent Evie Pritchard smells alcohol on DCI Gill Murray's breath, she has all the ammunition she needs to discredit both the investigation and Gill. But Scott and Bailey are determined to get Gill through to retirement with her reputation intact. 4
Like A Pierrot II ~ Ottoto 9 1 19 2008-02-03
Irwin Winehouse writers
Daniel Cummings guestStars
Isabella Hofmann guestStars
Tracy Vilar guestStars
directors Peter Medak
0 Brown Plate Special 2008-02-26 'Mike Rowe Revisits jobs involving food: Coffee plantation (''Ostrich Farmer''); fish farmer (''Vomit Island Workers''); potato farmer (''Turkey Farmer''); oyster shucker (''Rose Parade Float Dismantler''); boudin sausage maker (''Skull Cleaner''); viewer mail asking about top 10 memorable tastes: ground crab shells (''Vexcon''), geoduck stomach (''Geoduck Farmer''), fish mash (marine mammal rescuer, ''Ostrich Farmer''), termite insecticide (''Termite Controller''), tortilla chip from dirty kitchen (''Bio-Diesel Man''), mealworms (''Bat Cave Scavenger''), crawfish (''Shrimper''), cob (''Bio-Diesel Man''), mussels (''Alpaca Shearer''), animal bodily fluids (''Big Animal Vet''); candy maker (''Fuel Tank Cleaner'')  17
D'Monroe guestStars
John Simm actor
Joe Chrest guestStars
Anna Kashfi guestStars
1 12
2014-09-17 2 Syndicate 9's new sergeant is thrown in at the deep end with a historical missing person's case as Mandy Sweeting's body is discovered, 23 years after she disappeared. The biggest challenge is wading through poor police work that hampered the original case and re-interviewing bruised and bereft family members, making this a particularly challenging job for the new sergeant. Janet keeps Gill's secret but shares another secret with Rachel - she wants a boyfriend. 4 Tough Love
James Sklena guestStars
writers Stephen Tolkin
director Na Young Seok
writers J.D. Smith
Robert Duncan McNeill directors
directors Daniel Junge
Rachel Crane guestStars
writers Chad Fiveash
directors Christine Gernon
Akiyuki Shimbou writers
Jaroslav Marvan actor
Alfre Woodard guestStars
Francie Swift guestStars
John Dahl directors
director Andrew Merrifield
2 Kang Du Won, the man who tried to blow himself up at the Samsu Subway Station, reveals that the man who had tricked him in doing what he did is an officer of the Poongsan Violent Crimes Division. With this new information, and despite Kang Kwon Joo’s disbelief, Do Kang Woo narrows his suspicions to Chief Na Hong Soo and starts to tail him. Meanwhile, internal affairs bust Agent Jin while he hacks into the E-Secret database to do a background check on Chief Na Hong Soo. 6 The Accomplices with the Star Coins 2018-08-26
Tony Thaxton guestStars
Six Centuries of Verse Six Centuries of Verse is a documentary series about English poetry and its development over the last half millennia. The series originally aired on public television in the early 1990s. It is hosted by the award-winning Sir John Gielgud and covers everything from Chaucer to Ted Hughes. While world famous authors such as Shakespeare and Milton are covered, the series also goes off the beaten paths of literature and brings you hidden gems of poetry that are not as well-known. It features celebrity guest readers such as Anthony Hopkins, Ian Richardson, Peggy Ashcroft, Lee Remick, and many others. For visual effect, the poems are read from locations of literary merit, such as Emily Dickenson's bedroom. There are sixteen 25-minute long episodes for a total runtime of nearly seven hours. Anyone interested in poetry or the history of the English language will find something to like about Six Centuries of Verse. Ended
1 11 2013-02-01 Chapter 11 Zoe extends her time away from The Hill while Francis tracks down Russo and engages in damage control.
Meredith Scott Lynn guestStars
Beau Willimon writers
director Tom Fontana
director Sarah Pia Anderson
2 1994-12-10 Transylvania Express 15 Two surfer dudes, none other than Mike and Ben, accidentally get on a train headed for Transylvania, where they must fight back against vampires.
Larry Charles directors
Grey Gardens 46 0 2013-12-11
David Steinberg director
guestStars Stan Brown
director Helmuth Ashley
directors Nick Gomez
writers Stephen Tolkin
1 18 Moonlight Drawn By Clouds 2016-10-18
Walter L. Lindsey guestStars
director Bill Purple
guestStars Glynis Johns
director Stefan Schwartz
directors Leslie Libman
directors Don McDougall
17 2007-11-13 Mike Rowe rolls up his sleeves and gets dirty at a recycling center in San Francisco that requires their dump truck drivers to clean out the back of their dirty trucks after each shift. It's a dirty job that even Mike has a hard time completing. Exotic Animal Keeper 3
Brooke Williams guestStars
The perpetrator that shot poisonous darts has been apprehended. She reveals she wanted revenge for what Director Cheon has done to her. It turns out Director Cheon has been helping an international gang that abducts pregnant foreign women and uses the babies for profit. Meanwhile, Chief Na suspects Kang Woo’s sanity and starts to find people that know more about his condition. (Source: Viu) The Revenge 6 2019-05-26 3
9 10 'Larry has a scheduling conflict, takes issue with work associates, and hosts a pair of ungrateful houseguests. 2017-12-03 Fatwa!
writers Nic Pizzolatto
director Tucker Gates
The 21st century: mankind has colonized the last unexplored region on Earth; the ocean. But with newfound potential comes old-fashioned conflict and the United Earth Oceans Organization (U.E.O.) assigns the submarine, seaQuest DSV to keep the underwater peace and patrol the planet's final frontier. The captain of the seaQuest and its crew are its guardians, for beneath the surface lies the future. seaQuest DSV 1993-09-12 Ended
Philip Baker Hall guestStars
writers David Mandel
writers William Rabkin
guestStars Bruce Dworkin
1 9 1993-11-06 A group of bullies fear for their lives when Wendell drinks a potion that turns him into a werewolf. Hyde and Go Shriek
1 The Kazoops house is feeling a bit crowded, so Monty imagines what it would be like if he and Jimmy Jones lived by themselves. 2017-04-24 Crowded House 36
Jackson Beals guestStars
1 2016-10-15 6 Phil Hartman The murder of Phil Hartman and his wife is spotlighted.
A fast-paced, technicolor espionage comedy, Spy Groove follows the globe-trotting antics of two super-suave secret agents as they set forth on missions to annihilate fashionable imposters, stylish villains and vanity junkies. Follow Agent #1 and Agent #2 - clad in name-brand fashions and wielding designer gadgets - as they jet to exotic locations on classified missions to protect the elite leisure life from perpetrators of bad style. 2009-07-17 Spy Groove Ended
director Nick Gomez
guestStars Holland Taylor
1 1 Female Doctor Of Joseon Kim Won Bong fears that Park Hyeok may be a traitor for not checking in, and when he and Nam Ok see him talking to Chief Inspector Matsurra, they shoot him. Needing more intel, Matsurra takes him to the hospital, where Lee Young Jin saves Hyeok's life. Meanwhile, Kim Esther, another woman surgeon transfers to the Government General Hospital. 2019-05-04
Christian Lees guestStars
1 8 Lee Yeong, the crown prince starts to behave as a regent but he has deeper conflict with Kim Heon regarding the Royal Examination. Ra On suffers from not telling the truth of herself after the confession from the crown prince.  You Don't Know Anything 2016-09-13
Jay Leno guestStars
Episode 5 2000-03-24 5 3
director James Tolkan
2007-03-13 8 'Mike heads off to San Diego to learn the dirty job of hydroseeding. He then reads a viewer's letter and shows us never before seen footage from a previous episode. Finally Mike gets dirty cleaning up a 100 year old steam yacht. Steam Ship Cleaner 3
1 2012-10-02 Die Madonna ist nieder gebrannt worden und die Stimmung in Braunschlag versch?rft sich. Nicht nur, dass die Einwohner des Wunders m?de werden, versammeln sich auch immer mehr Religionsfanatiker auf dem Gemeindeplatz. Gerri Tschach, der sich zunehmend von Gott verfolgt f?hlt, bekommt Panik, dass er sich von Elfi HIV geholt hat. Er macht einen Aidstest. Elfi beichtet Richard, dass sie bei der Samenbank war und jemanden ausgesucht hat, der Richard sehr ?hnlich schaut. Richard will trotzdem, dass sie das Kind wegmachen l?sst. Bei einem Bank?berfall wird dem alten Dorfarzt Dr. Feist ins Bein geschossen. 4 Der ?berfall
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
writers James Yoshimura
James Tolkan guestStars
Larry David writers
Dan Holden writers
Brock Peters guestStars
0 Behind-The-Scenes Special The special episode will feature unreleased footages of the cast, behind the scenes, special interviews with the cast, as well as a collage of all the best scenes from the series. The special episode is especially dedicated to the fans and viewers who have continuously supported the series. 2016-10-18 3
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
1 1980-05-22 10
Paul Nicholas guestStars
Liz Robertson guestStars
Chapter 6 1 2013-02-01 6 The strike between Frank and Marty starts to get out of hand. Russo has decided to run for Governor of Pennsylvania.
Junpyo and Jihu square off in a sports match. The fate of Jandi and Jihu hangs on this game. They compete in horse-riding and racing, and Junpyo grows more jealous as he watches Jandi roots for Jihu. Before the final battle begins, Junpyo goes to meet Jandi. 1 2009-01-26 7 Episode 7
writers Danny Chun
Peter Feeney guestStars
1 1 1998-01-12 Episode 1 'Sketches:Indian Office,Check Please - Fat,What does it mean to be a Sikh?,Calcutta Male Vocal Choir,New Image Muffins,Check Please - Rash,What does it mean to be a Hindu?,Smita Smitten,Cinema Ad,Going For An English,Check Please - Models,Guru - Rhapsody,Briefly Encountered,Muslim Gag,Dinner at the Coopers,Check Please - Fish smell,Kiss My Chuddies (song),Guru Doorstepper - Becoming a Hindu.
2016-12-18 1 14
Greg Kinnear actor
0 2013-09-04 Presenting document Four Horsemen 5
2 'The Old Witch takes over telling this episode's story after turning the Cryptkeeper into a scarecrow. In this installment, a plant enthusiast named Wendell (from ''Hyde and Go Shriek'') falls for Rose, a new girl at school with a rather ''weedy'' family secret. 10 1994-10-29 Growing Pains
Diane Taylor writers
Robert B. Weide directors
guestStars Christopher McCulloch
directors Gareth Carrivick
Jessy Yates guestStars
Sabine Herts guestStars
director Uli Edel
director Felix Feist
Jade Wu guestStars
guestStars Tom McCarthy
Self-Medication 2009-11-22 While Dr. Venture goes into therapy with other boy adventurers, Sgt. Hatred takes Dean and Hank to the movies, only to have a relapse. 6 4
Bob Odenkirk guestStars
directors Garth Maxwell
writers George W. McGreevey
directors Tim McCann
Noel de Sousa guestStars
Alan Wells guestStars
guestStars Christopher McCulloch
Moa Lundqvist guestStars
network
directors China Moo-Young
directors Tim Hunter
directors Morag Fullarton
Bob Einstein guestStars
writers James Yoshimura
6 1972-02-23 1
A teacher and one of his students find themselves trapped in the fantasies of another student whom they have tormented. 1 Pleasant Screams 1993-10-02 3
network Tokyo MX
Fran de Leon guestStars
directors Bruce Paltrow
Terry Kinney guestStars
Vince Vaughn actor
Larry David writers
guestStars Carmen Mathews
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
director Laura Shepherd
2008-03-22 'Crime Investigation Australia is a CI production that revisits landmark Australian crimes that shocked the nation and remain forever embedded in its history.Hosted by respected journalist, Steve Liebmann, CIA uncovers the true stories behind these cases through chilling re-enactments and access to the key detectives, family members and witnesses involved. Crime Investigation Australia Ended
director Nick Wood
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Beau Starr guestStars
Pekka Lehto guestStars
Larry David writers
2 1 2008-04-17 Jimmy Kimmel Zach interviews talk show host Jimmy Kimmel.
1962-02-11 19 The Quest of Ambrose Feather 3
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
1998-01-30 13 'With the addition of the latest murder, the ''''red ball'''' investigation continues full force. The detectives and the returning Bayliss pose as priests in an attempt to flush out any leads. Munch's cover attracts two young thugs, but they prove to be nothing. Gee is called upstairs, where his performance doesn't sit well with Barnfather. Lewis turns up and seeks some help from Falsone. Pembleton receives a call that the two missing boys have been found. Pembleton and Stivers travel to collect them. Meanwhile, Gharty and Ballard find the pawnbroker who had accepted a stolen chalice. Cox and Bayliss prevent a drunken Kellerman from driving home. Ballard and Gharty use the pawn-receipt false address to track down the corner kid with whom they'd previously had a run-in. They bring him into the box and Gharty loses his cool. The kid is tough to crack, but Pembleton has an idea involving the morgue and a trip to the shore. While stumbling home, a drunken Kellerman decides he doesn't like the loo 6 Something Sacred (2)
director Paul Stanley
directors Akiyuki Shinbo
director ????
Chuck Paris guestStars
Louis Nye guestStars
director Jeff Schaffer
directors James Yoshimura
Peter Gallagher guestStars
David Harscheid guestStars
Cady Huffman guestStars
guestStars Jesse White
Dave Droge guestStars
Niklas Meltio guestStars
Larry is unrattled by a book about freaks and a bad chauffeur. 6 2007-10-07 5 The Freak Book
Albert Carrier guestStars
2016-12-14 1 10
1 Tell Me Your Wish 2016-09-05 Lee Yeong, the crown prince rescued Ra On from the deep pond. Ra On begged forgiveness to Lee Yeong. Furthermore, Mok Tae Gam from Qing requested unreasonable tribute to Joseon and Lee Yeong, the crown prince come into conflict with his father & Kim Heon.  5
Hrant Alianak guestStars
David & Catherine Birnie were a Perth couple who embarked on a depraved killing spree in Perth in 1988. Together they would cruise the city’s streets picking up unsuspecting young women who were then kidnapped raped and murdered. It was only after their final victim staged a courageous escape and exposed the House of Horrors that the killer couple were arrested and jailed for life. David later committed suicide in jail. Catherine makes regular appeals to be released on parole. This episode looks into the family backgrounds of both killers and includes an exclusive interview with David Birnie’s first wife, and others who knew the couple when they were children. Killer Couple 6 4 2010-12-14
directors Sarah Pia Anderson
Survival 2012-06-10 1 'David discovers the plants that have evolved to shed their dependency on water enabling them to survive in the driest environments.The story begins at midnight in midsummer as David steps into the Princess of Wales Conservatory to witness the extraordinary nocturnal blooming of a cactus. The queen of the night, with its giant flowers, is the centre piece of a stunning symphony of cacti blooms that burst open in the desert (and at Kew) at night. In a mesmerizing 3D slow motion sequence, we discover the extraordinary connections between cacti and their natural pollinators: bats.The scene typifies the unique splendour of the 3D experience as bats seem to fly out of the screen and into the viewers’ living room.As the sun rises, David meets other amazing plants. Species like the century plant, the Agave franzosini, which grows steadily for over 50 years, only to then flower itself to death with one mighty telegraph pole sized bloom which literally bursts out of the roof of Kew’s green house.  Cracking the code to plants’ survival strategies is the key to protecting their future and Kew have built a high tech long-term solution fifty miles south of the Gardens. Described as mankind’s ultimate insurance policy, and with 10% already safely stored deep frozen, Kew’s Millennium Seed Bank has the capacity to store seeds from the vast majority of remaining species of plant on the planet, thus saving plants from extinction in the future. 3
Judy Toll guestStars
Jayne Atkinson guestStars
M.C. Gainey guestStars
actor Bill Smitrovich
writers Nic Pizzolatto
guestStars Tate Donovan
writers Noel Behn
Stan Brandorff guestStars
M?ns Nathanaelson guestStars
Ray Collins guestStars
2 Pulling the Trigger Mary Jane's hormones rage out of control after she gets an hCG trigger shot, which starts a 36-hour countdown to ovulation. She's also offered an exclusive story from Sheldon DeWitt; further strains her already-strained friendship with Lisa; and receives a surprise visit from David. 6 2015-03-10
1996-05-03 The Damage Done 20 4 'Lewis and Kellerman investigate a series of homicides that put them into the middle of a drug war. Kellerman suspects that Lewis is seeing someone, but he doesn't ''''kiss and tell.'''' As the red piles up on the board Gee gets edgy. Kellerman seeks comfort from the godmother of the daughter of the victim's family. Kellerman and ''''Drak'''' have a confrontation. At a ''''Peace on our Street'''' demonstration, the current drug war is ended.
Mary Carole Curran guestStars
guestStars Rachel Smith
1 Richard and Kahlan save the village of Drendril from illicit magic use as Zedd falls into the hands of a corrupt wizard. 6 2008-11-29 Elixir
No Eggspectations  2 2015-03-03 5 'Kara suggests a live installment of ''Talk Back,'' but neither she nor Mary Jane are prepared for the news that Dr. Marrs delivers; Cameron and Niecy negotiate over his re-entry into her life; and an exciting business opportunity presents itself to PJ.
Doc Hammer guestStars
director Ron Lagomarsino
director Alec Berg
director Michael Morris
After meeting Rick, Judy expresses to Lily her misgivings about Lily's blossoming relationship with him. Liars and Other Strangers 1 2000-12-19 4
1 2014-10-22 Brad Pitt 21 Brad Pitt sits down with Zach Galifianakis for his second most memorable interview yet.
writers Maria Legaspi
Betsy Stover guestStars
Jonathan Slavin guestStars
Lena Torluemke guestStars
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Nicki Paluga writers
writers David Mandel
Larry David writers
Sandrine Holt actor
directors Tomoyuki Itamura
Derek Basco guestStars
Darla J. Robinson guestStars
writers Barry Levinson
Constance Towers guestStars
Farid Arefzaden guestStars
1962-01-07 Hurricane Audrey 3 14
Ballard and Gharty investigate the death of a man at a laundromat. The Waterfront Bar gets ready for the Christmas holiday. Munch's ex-wife, Gwen, shows up; her mother (a literary critic and author) has died. Tim goes Christmas shopping and runs into Julianna; he invites her to come to the Waterfront's Christmas celebration. Ballard and Gharty interview the victim's girlfriend (as listed in his address book). Cox informs Ballard and Gharty that the victim was HIV positive and she also convinces Kellerman to tell Lewis and Stivers about the Mahoney videotape. Munch gets his brother to give Gwen a deal on her mother's funeral arrangements. The victim's mother knew about his HIV status and about a girlfriend he didn't use protection with, whose name didn't appear in the address book. Ballard and Gharty find this woman and find that she has full-blown, terminal AIDS, and they bring her in for questioning. Ballard feels the woman has suffered enough so she is reluctant to a get her confessi All is Bright 8 6 1997-12-12
Fifi D'Orsay guestStars
9 1 Deliver Us From Evil Dave Harmon and his adored wife Melinda live in a tight-knit religious community, where they meet Mark Mangelsdorf, the student body president of their church's college. They become inseparable friends until a violent murder leaves one of them dead. 2013-12-28
directors Morag Fullarton
Keith Johnson guestStars
director Lee Bonner
The king of Austrian's grandchildren board a train carrying highly valued artworks, to get to her target Fujiko impersonates herself as Maria, their tutor. While on board, she runs into a mysterious samurai from the East - Goemon Ishikawa. 1 2012-04-18 The Lady and the Samurai 3
2019-03-08 Ray’s attempt to manipulate Maya over an unfulfilled promise of mother-son time backfires when she calls his bluff. JJ tries a new aide after he and Kenneth agree to spend a day apart. Meanwhile, Jimmy’s unsure how to handle Dylan’s teen angst when she invites a boy over. 17 S-P-- SPECIAL B-- BOY T-I-- TIME 3
guestStars Scott Butler
director Morag Fullarton
writers Julie Martin
directors Jakob Verbruggen
1 4 1980-05-13
?? ?? writers
Howard Hoover guestStars
Steve Harris guestStars
Michael Whalley guestStars
guestStars Steve Allen
Anne Bancroft guestStars
Henry Strozier guestStars
Steve Buscemi guestStars
1 Vexcon 5 2005-08-23 Exterminator, crab fisherman, blacksmith/farrier
Emily Whitesell writers
2 2017-11-29 8 B-I-- BIKINI U-N-- UNIVERSITY 'JJ convinces his parents to take him on a college visit but hides an ulterior motive. As his plan unravels, JJ enlists the help of new friend Tyson (guest star, Nick Viall of ABC's ''The Bachelor''), an actor who gives the performance of his life to keep JJ out of hot water. Meanwhile, Ray goes wild when he's left home alone for the first time.
Akiyuki Shimbou director
guestStars Joan Blondell
guestStars Stephen Lejnar
Sharat Sardana guestStars
guestStars Anna Kontula
Paul Richards guestStars
2 7 2017-08-22 Episode 7
writers Arika Lisanne Mittman
writers Cyril Hume
Mark Beesley directors
Nancy G. Robinette guestStars
Azure Parsons guestStars
Dr. Venture's latest invention is a real game-changer. And the new game is deadly! 7 7 2018-09-17 The Unicorn in Captivity
Allen Garfield guestStars
Jonathan Slavin guestStars
2 In the aftermath of the previous day, Araragi is about to enter his classroom when Hanekawa informs him that a student absent all year is finally attending. The story pushes further into the past, as more of “what” makes Koyomi Araragi is revealed. 2015-10-11 4 Sodachi Riddle - Part 1
Cheri Oteri guestStars
Wilford Brimley guestStars
directors Barry Levinson
Keith Huff writers
2 1960-12-26 Incident in Suva 12
Don Medford directors
Mary Holland guestStars
writers Tom Fontana
1996-03-15 The entire squad is put on 24-hour surveillance when a mass murderer has been identified, isn't at home and doesn't know that they know. Gee debates leaving the squad in the midst of the stakeout, so he can attend his daughter's wedding in California. As the detectives rotate through shifts on the stakeout, the main topics of discussion are the homeowners and Bayliss' plans to leave the unit. Stakeout 15 4
2 1 About Economy with Heikki Palom?ki 2013-09-04
Paul Sparks actor
guestStars Dan O'Herlihy
Mia Barron guestStars
guestStars Georgia Strauss
directors Charles Hass
director Kathy Bates
David Steinberg directors
1 Monty is surprised when his family tell him that Jimmy Jones can't appreciate music because he's an animal. Coconut Safari Club 20 2016-09-02
writers Gary Janetti
Bobby Neely guestStars
Sherman Roberts guestStars
directors Paul Stanley
director Sarah Pia Anderson
writers A. Sanford Wolf
Clothes for Jimmy 'The Kazoops are going shopping after Stan shrinks everyone's clothes in the wash. 1 2016-06-27 6
Emiri Katou actor
guestStars Denisse Ojeda
Sedona James guestStars
Kevin Geer guestStars
Legend of the Seeker Millions of readers over the world have been held spellbound by this valiant tale vividly told. Now, enter Terry Goodkind's world, the world of The Sword of Truth. In the aftermath of the brutal murder of his father, a mysterious woman, Kahlan Amnell, appears in Richard Cypher's forest sanctuary seeking help... and more. His world, his very beliefs, are shattered when ancient debts come due with thundering violence. In their darkest hour, hunted relentlessly, tormented by treachery and loss, Kahlan calls upon Richard to reach beyond his sword-to invoke within himself something more noble. Neither knows that the rules of battle have just changed... or that their time has run out. This is the beginning. One story. One Rule. Witness the birth of a legend. Ended 2008-11-01
Tracy Flint guestStars
writers Chad Fiveash
guestStars Fab Freddie
guestStars Chana Eden
directors Lauren Greenfield
writers Erich Ebermayer
Ellen Bethea guestStars
Rudy Deluca guestStars
Katrina Owens guestStars
writers Mike Bonanno
James Shanklin guestStars
directors Salim Akil
directors Banksy
December Ensminger guestStars
Leonard Jackson guestStars
Edward Asner guestStars
1 Misty Road 2016-10-04 14
writers John Mankiewicz
1 The Derelict 5 The derelict in an attempt to abduct an oriental crown prince, Communist agents endager Adam's life and almost destroy his ship. 1959-11-09
Robert Bockstael guestStars
1 In Norway, cross-country skiers are superstars, and the biggest star of all is Petter Northug. He is soon wrapped in a scandal when he is caught drink driving, crashing, and running off from the scene of the crime. The scandal is unparalleled and seemed impossible to recover from. Drink and Drive 2018-03-05 3
2 2 Gee informs the detectives that they must meet with a sensitivity consultant. Felton protects a friend who's going to help his terminally ill father commit suicide. Pembleton investigates a routine murder that escalates into a case of possible police brutality. Bolander has no intention of meeting with the consultant to the point where he takes a suspension without pay. Lewis investigates the death of the father of Felton's friend and discovers the truth and confronts Beau. 1994-01-13 See No Evil
Christine Moore guestStars
director Michael Hurst
Elaine Stritch guestStars
guestStars Lyle Kanouse
director Jun Ki Sang
Yoo Ji-Tae actor
Dylan becomes Kenneth’s replacement for JJ when Kenneth also gets sick. Jimmy ends up doing well with Maya’s normal duties, but he tries to keep it from her to avoid her feeling bad. Meanwhile, JJ protects Dylan from a boy she’s interested in. And despite its illness, the family bands together and pulls an all-nighter to finish Ray’s school project. 13 1 S-I--SICK D-A--DAY 2017-01-18
directors Robin Wright
Kaitlin Olson guestStars
1 34 Sponge Bridge ~ Daruma 7 2008-02-03
writers Yaphet Kotto
guestStars Mike Reynolds
Andy Bowser guestStars
2 2017-09-11 17 Episode 17
Cathleen Nesbit guestStars
2 Simon is plagued by school bullies and decides to leave home to be with The Beautiful People. But as usual, nothing goes according to plan. Debbie, convinced that she's destined for stardom, becomes the talk of Melody Crescent. As our favourite characters converge in the front room for Debbie's TV premiere, three questions remain: will Kylie ever get out of the closet? Who is Puff Daddy's daddy? And will Simon meet his match? How I Got My Gash 2009-12-18 6
director Rick Marshall
2 Bernie must choose between Peter and Father Matthew. Danny tries to save his marriage to Emma, in light of Lucy's announcement in court. Chef's comeuppance is imminent. 1999-03-14 10 Episode 10
Rio Hackford guestStars
Patrick Warburton guestStars
Victor Raider-Wexler guestStars
Akiyuki Shimbou directors
R.D. Reid guestStars
guestStars Erinn Bartlett
actor Cheryl Hines
directors Jeff Schaffer
Mike Beaver guestStars
2 1960-11-21 7 Hangman's Island
Jones Lagunoff guestStars
Marin Hinkle guestStars
Neal Moran guestStars
Akiyuki Shimbou directors
writers Henry Bromell
Mary West Miller guestStars
Doc Hammer guestStars
Larry David writers
1 Hand Walk II ~ Sponge Bridge 2008-02-03 15
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
writers Doc Hammer
guestStars Chris Paulk
guestStars David Neff
writers Mike Sussman
director Ed Bianchi
David de Lautour guestStars
directors Boris Sagal
Karen Maruyama guestStars
2 A young girl possesses magical powers and wants to be trained as a magician, is working with a stage magician named Yago as his assistant. She is trying to master of her new tricks, levitating a tambourine while playing it, but Yago tells her that she is bad and will never make it. When she says she will search for a new teacher, he orders her to stay. In Yago's opinion, Ace Cooper is only a second-class magician, pushed to stardom by the media. Mr. Alexandre, the owner of the club gives her the address of Ace and tells her to go and see him. Yago (who thinks he's the greatest magician alive) is furious and he scares his audience with a magic trick that includes a fiery dragon and a phoenix, ruining the club. Meanwhile, Ace and Cosmo are driving by Electro City's bank and discover Spade and Diamond taking pictures of the building. Ace and Cosmo pursue them and the two run into a lamp post. Ace mumbles that Blackjack is planning something. Back at the Ring Theater, the girl, whose name 9 Master of Magic
Jonathan Slavin guestStars
1 2016-11-09 JJ develops on a new girl at school who must adapt to life in a wheelchair after injuring herself in gymnastics.  6 D-A-T-E-- DATE?
A figure from Dr. Venture's past haunts him during his annual vacation to Spanikos. Spanakopita 2013-06-23 5 4
Stewart Skelton guestStars
Bruce Campbell guestStars
2 2006-01-24 Sugarcane mill, firefighter (Fremont, CA), alligator farmer Alligator Farmer 3
Bruce Parry actor
Paul Mazursky guestStars
guestStars Christopher James Fischer
Maria Canais guestStars
The Devil's Grip 8 When Rusty is apparently killed by the Monarch, Hatred sends the boys off to live with their godparents, and then turns to Twenty-One for help to infiltrate the Flying Cocoon and recover Rusty's body. 5 2013-07-21
Gareth Williams guestStars
Jay O. Sanders guestStars
Terry Moore guestStars
writers Danny Chun
2016-09-19 9 1 Ra On has deeper thought of the words from the crown prince that he will treat her as a woman. This made Ra On to avoid the crown prince...  The Moment the Door of My Heart Opened
director Vikram Gandhi.
guestStars Markku Kuisma
1 Gee must help an old friend get used to his retirement. In their first case following the unsolved Adena Watson case, Bayliss and Pembleton check out the death of a police dog. Howard and Felton track down a drug dealer that is wanted for a torture / murder. Crosetti continues to help Chris deal with his recovery and finds out his wife is pregnant. Bolander meets Carol's son who later accompanies him to a crime scene. 1993-03-10 A Dog and Pony Show 6
writers Scott Silveri
2 2 2018-08-12 Do Kang Woo is wanted for the death of Jang Soo Bok, the suspect in the murder of Team Leader Jang Gyeong Hak. Despite the accusations, Kang Woo's testimony sways Golden Time Team Center Director Kang Kwon Joo to believe it is a serial killer from three years ago who is behind this murder. Unfortunately, her belief is not enough from keeping the Poongsan Metropolitan Police Department from arresting him. The Beginning of the Hunt
directors Gareth Carrivick
writers Laura Eason
Richard Landau writers
Stealth Robber 1 Ace and Cosmo were practicing their new act in the middle of a hard rainstorm when suddenly they crash into what seems to be an invisible helicopter. Cosmo ejects from the jet safely at the same time Ace enters the chopper. Just as Ace looks at the cargo, he hears a scarely and familiar voice and gets punched. This voice belongs to Faceless, and the punch comes from one of her henchmen. As for the crates, they contain $200 million stolen from Central Bank. Ace and Faceless are again rivals, Ace manages to get something while she shorts out the turbo reactor on his escape suit when he gets thrown out of the chopper. Ace dives safely into only for Capt. Friedrichs to arrest him. Vega wants 24 hours to help Ace and Cosmo find the stolen money. They go to work immediately and they learned that Faceless has acquired a camoflage technology which makes her seem like invisible. Angel works on enhancing some of Ace's equipment to fight Faceless. But Faceless sabotages the Magic Express but she 1999-06-19 17
Lou DiMaggio guestStars
8 Vow of Silence Larry's evolving alibi to get out of a charity function results in unexpected travel plans. Meanwhile, Susie makes demands for the terminally ill family dog's last meal; and Larry points out personal flaws in the buffet line and in parking lots.  5 2011-08-07
Hand Walk III ~ Super Helico 1 29 2008-02-03
2017-02-14 Mary Jane and PJ feel homesick while Niecy's rash decision has some dire consequences. Getting Served 5 4
director Ellen Gittelsohn
Mark Beesley director
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
actor Emma Cunniffe
directors Morag Fullarton
guestStars Chana Eden
writers Rick Cleveland
Seth Curland writers
1 2017-07-20 59 Camping Monty overpacks his bag for the family camping trip, but soon realises that fewer things can mean more fun.
director Henry Bromell
director Laura Shepherd
director Nick Wood
network ITV1
Topsy Turvy Time 1 2016-09-06 22 Monty is in a topsy-turvy mood and doing things a little bit differently, leaving him questioning why things always have to be same.
Michael Sinterniklaas actor
guestStars Jordan Charney
Carrie Fisher guestStars
Terry Wills guestStars
Sarah Chalke guestStars
network ?esk? televize
Julia Louis-Dreyfus guestStars
Al Freeman Jr. guestStars
David Feldman guestStars
Robert Weide directors
The Golden Time Team gets a call about a kid named Pyo Hyun Soo. He is a kid suffering from Asperger’s syndrome. However, his guardian, Song Soo Cheol, seems to be manipulating Hyun Soo. As the team has found something odd, they start investigating Soo Cheol and his surroundings. The team discovers the dark secret behind Soo Cheol’s philanthropic work. (Source: Viu) 2019-05-19 Dark Secret Behind Soo Cheol 4 3
Lisa Gay Hamilton guestStars
Jennifer Harmon guestStars
2 13 As Phantom Limb makes his stunning power play, only Brock can rally The Monarch's forces to mount a defense.  The fate of almost everyone in the Venture universe hangs in the balance as The Sovereign reveals his true identity and guys and stuff explode all over the place. Showdown at Cremation Creek (2) 2006-10-15
1 2008-02-03 4 Hand Walk ~ Seesaw 60 ~ Daruma 7
network ABC (US)
directors Gerald Mayer
Dean Winters guestStars
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
writers Elizabeth Beckwith
2 The O.J. Simpson murder case is spotlighted. 1 2016-09-17 OJ Simpson
directors Bill Purple
guestStars Billie Jackson
Kayla Maisonet guestStars
guestStars Rob Corddry
directors Claude Nuridsany
guestStars James Urbaniak
writers Mark Hentemann
13 Nadeko Medusa - Part 4 2013-10-13 Despite Koyomi's warnings, Nadeko swallows the talisman and revives Kuchinawa after Shinobu berates her for once again playing the victim. The story then shifts forward to Nadeko's confront with Koyomi and Shinobu at the abandoned temple and it is revealed that she defeated both. Kuchinawa then reveals that he had met Nadeko when she swallowed the talisman and all their previous iteractions were fruit of Nadeko's own imagination. It is also revealed that it was Ougi who had filled Nadeko about the talisman's location and that all her movements since then were a ploy to infiltrate into Koyomi's house and secure a key to break into there in secret. As Nadeko is about to kill Koyomi, she answers a call from Hitagi at his phone. Hitagi then reveals that Nadeko must kill her, Shinobu and Koyomi at this order or she may end up being killed by either Hitagi or Shinobu, and in exchange for this information, Nadeko agrees to return to kill them all at the day of their graduation. Six months later, the day of graduation is at hand, and Nadeko waits at the polar snake shrine for Koyomi, Hitagi and Shinobu, who accompained by Suruga and Tsubasa, appear to confront her.  3
Eric Stolhanske guestStars
Fernando Fern?n G?mez actor
director ?????????? ?
director David Orrick McDearmon
guestStars Gay Thomas
Juliet Prowse guestStars
directors Ed Bye
Mia Pistorious guestStars
guestStars Glenn Fleshler
writers James Yoshimura
2 'In the Season 2 premiere, Mary Jane throws a dinner party; and invites a married couple whom she and David used to be ''couples friends'' with. She also re-examines what she wants out of life after learning that David's new girlfriend is pregnant. 1 2015-02-03 People in Glass Houses Shouldn't Throw Fish
Malcolm Smith guestStars
'Mike helps dig tunnels that are used as underground wine caverns.  Later he works behind the scenes with Southwest Airlines as a baggage handler.  He also gets to work with the airport incinerator. 2007-02-20 5 Cave Digger 3
Arch Johnson guestStars
Timothy Hutton directors
guestStars Alo J?riloo
Robert Carricart guestStars
writers Lee Blessing
2 1 2013-02-01 Chapter 2 Francis and Doug plan to frame Secretary of State nominee, Michael Kern. Meanwhile, Zoe's popularity at the Washington Herald continues to grow.
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
1980-05-07 'This film is an adaptation of the well-known novel of Benito Perez Galdos. The action takes place between the years 1865 and 1876.The movie tells of a detailed manner among other things, a lover trio during a long period of time. On the one hand, we have to marriage Santa Cruz formed by the sweet and sympathetic Jacinta and the capricious and liar of ''Juanito'' Santa Cruz, belonging both to the rich and upper middle class of Madrid. The third member of this trio is the lover of ''Juanito'' Santa Cruz, ''Fortunata'', belonging to the lower and labor class, who lived in the suburbs.What makes Benito Perez Galdos in this novel is an overwhelming criticism of the society of the moment, of their customs, of his blindness in religion, the great separation between social classes and between men and women. Along the novel are emerging numerous characters, all very different from each other, with personalities very marked.  Fortunata y Jacinta Ended
1 12 1999-05-15 Faceless At the Surge Consortium, Prof. Surge himself introduces the new non-polluting battery. Ace the guest there hears a rumbling noise and investigates the newest room with one of the security guards. Both received a surprise attack from a woman with no face. Ace tried to stop her but she outmatched Ace. Hours later, Surge is angry about the theft of the silicon rods and without know understanding the reason. Ace learns that her name is Faceless from Vega, the most clever thief in Electro City. She also been hired by Black Jack to stop Sonny Boy who has been incriminating evidence which could put Black in jail. Faceless starts having much fun to the dismay of Ace who finds the Magic Express particly trashed along with one of her riddles, Vega is caught sleeping on the job by Capt. Freidrichs via the newspaper, and Black Jack who wants Faceless to stick to the job at hand. Ace and Cosmo decipher the riddle and gets set for a midnight meeting on the dock. Faceless steals a titanium tube from
Francie Swift guestStars
1 65 2008-02-03 Kangaroo ~ Sponge Bridge III
2 5 2013-06-09 The Ventures travel into the jungles of Central America to find an invention that has developed a mind of its own. Venture Libre
Garcelle Beauvais-Nilon guestStars
director Robin Wright
1 2017-11-27 Exploring how the 9/11 terrorist attacks in New York fundamentally changed comic book writing and the portrayal of superheroes. City of Heroes 4
guestStars Art Donovan
John Coles directors
Na Young Seok directors
2 Finding themselves both single, Violet and Ash consider dating new people, Violet has already met someone on the internet, while Ash's ex Chloe returns. Freddie, meanwhile, feels under pressure from Stuart to land a new acting role. Stag Do 2015-06-22 4
writers James Yoshimura
Melvin L. Cauthen guestStars
Nina Wadia actor
Larry David writers
1 2008-05-05 Isabella Rossellini explores the mating habits of the praying mantis. Praying Mantis 8
director Allen Coulter
directors Tom Fontana
director John McNaughton
Sharon Elizabeth Doyle writers
Lee Hae-Young actor
Mark Boone Jr. guestStars
guestStars Councilmen 2 8 9
1 2014-02-04 Mixed Messages  4 Mary Jane meets a man online; Kara’s changes prove too much for Mark. Patrick learns that celebrating his sobriety is bigger than it just being about him, Kara and Mark figure out a way to effectively communicate and work together and Mary Jane admits her addiction.
Michael Constantine guestStars
2 8 Fallen Arches When the Guild of Calamitous Intent finally approves Dr. Orpheus for his very own arch nemesis he calls upon old friends The Alchemist and Jefferson Twilight to resurrect their former super-team, The Order of the Triad.  While they audition supervillain candidates at the Venture Compound, a jealous Doc isn't about to let Orpheus steal the show.  Let loose the Walking Eye! 2006-09-03
Curb Your Enthusiasm Continuing The unscripted Curb Your Enthusiasm brings the off-kilter comic vision of Larry David, who plays himself in a parallel universe in which he can't seem to do anything right, and, by his standards, neither can anyone else. 2000-10-01
actor Sharat Sardana
director Edward J. Lakso
Suranne Jones actor
Larry David director
directors Neasa Hardiman
Larry David directors
directors Felix Feist
guestStars Ben Carroll
2 Episode 25 2017-09-15 25
Robert B. Weide directors
writers James Yoshimura
writers Rosie Bochert
Noam Zylberman guestStars
Robert B. Weide directors
1965-06-01 3 3
Sal S. Koussa guestStars
Fuck Off! Images of Finland 0 66 2014-10-01
Samuel Barnett actor
guestStars J.D. Evermore
Mika Pantzar guestStars
2 9 The case of Daniel Duffy, who arranged the murder of his father-in-law John Torres in retribution for his co-operating with federal authorities in a major fraud case and for owing him money. Duffy's wife, Nicole Torres, was also found guilty of the charge Treasure Coast Killing 2015-01-31
Larry David writers
Noreen Kershaw director
director Martin Campbell
director Frank Pugliese
Christopher Mann guestStars
Joseph Reidy guestStars
Alexandra Daddario actor
writers Laura Eason
Reggie Nalder guestStars
director David Mandel
1 With help from Cheongbang, Yun Bong Gil enters Hongkou Park and throws a bomb, successfully killing and wounding key Japanese commanders. After the attack, Fukuda and Matsuura go after Kim Gu and surround the Provisional Government of Korea's building. Meanwhile, Young Jin heads to the Consulate General of France to ask for their support. The Standoff 2019-06-22 30
Jeffrey Hause writers
2006-08-04 0 8 Mike Rowe concludes Shark Week with another hour of dirty jobs with the men and women who work with sharks. Mike starts off in Florida working alongside a taxidermist that makes replicas out of real sharks. Mike then heads to the Bahamas to help Jeremiah Sullivan, the inventor of the Neptunic shark suit, to repair and test the suit in shark infested waters. Finally, Mike ends the show with some behind the scenes footage. Jobs That Bite Harder
directors Rob Cohen
1 Amazing Road ~ Neko De Drive 2008-02-03 62
Mel Brooks guestStars
directors Albert Maysles
Larry David writers
2016-08-22 1 1 Ra On lives as a boy named Sam Nom in the capital, getting paid to help unrequited lovers find their path towards each other. Lee Yeong, the crown prince, is more interested in visiting the capital and playing hooky rather than focusing on his studies  Moonlight Destiny
director Talal Derki
2004-01-11 2 'Ben Stiller gets upset when Larry refuses to sing ''Happy Birthday'' to him.  Larry then hits him in the eye with a toothpick. 4 Ben's Birthday Party
2 9 Larry reaches out to a familiar face, gives a hotel guest sartorial advice and looks to create a diversion to help a friend’s nephew. The Pickle Gambit 2017-10-08
Larry E. Hull guestStars
1 P-R-PROM 'It's prom night, and all three DiMeo kids are going, which leaves Maya and Jimmy with a rare night to themselves. Kenneth is shocked to learn that they like to spend their nights without the kids to bring up past arguments they have bottled up or ignored in the past. Later at school, Ray thinks he is finally about to have his first make-out session with a girl, but learns differently when she uses the ''R'' word. Meanwhile, a wary JJ bonds with someone who is sick of being the center of attention at school functions. 21 2017-05-03
guestStars Robin Ruzan
1 How I Got My Vase 1 While at Kylie's, Simon steals one of Reba's dresses and tries it on back at home. Ashlene takes a Polaroid photo of him wearing it and threatens to show it to everyone unless he styles her hair to look like Heather Small's. Debbie finds the dress in the bin, assumes Reba is having an affair with Andy, and fights her in the street. Simon reveals that he took the dress. Debbie tries to quit drinking alcohol but starts again when Andy tells her she is boring when she is sober. Simon sees supposedly-vegan Hayley eating a burger and threatens to tell everyone. To keep him quiet, she gives him £30, which he spends on a vase that he has had his eye on for a long time. 2008-10-02
guestStars Michael Richards
Bruce Beaton guestStars
Koyomi Dead 0 2016-03-26 32
Siv Svendsen guestStars
1 2008-05-05 Firefly 4 Isabella Rossellini explores the mating habits of fireflies.
Antoinette Spolar guestStars
46 1 Piggy Blues Monty discovers Jimmy Jones is sad and tries to cheer him up, but wonders why everyone can't be happy all the time. 2017-07-03
writers Nic Pizzolatto
1 2019-06-08 21 What The Heart Wants Fukuda tells Young Jin to wake Mr. Kuroba Kaito using an injection, and when she does, Won Bong spews up blood and fakes his death. Just as she and the Heroic Corps had planned, Fukuda buys into the act. Meanwhile, Seung Jin deals with Matsuura and tells him he wants a part of the bounty for giving him Won Bong.
actor Bibiane Zeller
guestStars Kevin Moppet
Harper Roisman guestStars
director Andrew Merrifield
writers Joshua Corey
Brennidon 1 Richard visits his birthville Brennidon, which causes the D'Harans to return to the village looking for him. 2008-11-15 4
writers Julie Martin
director Felix Feist
director Tom Fontana
Larry Charles directors
Gina Gershon guestStars
director Bill Purple
Teodora Marcella guestStars
Martin Scorsese guestStars
Abigail Marlowe guestStars
Presenting document American – The Bill Hicks Story 67 2014-10-08 0
guestStars Simon Oakland
writers Jorge Zamacona
Jay O. Sanders guestStars
directors Mike Bonanno
Haunted Houses 1 2014-02-23 In 2002, Cohle and Hart begin to fall back to familiar and violent obsessions. Hart exacts savage vengeance on a pair of teenage boys, and Cohle becomes convinced they left something undone in 1995. Working on his own, Cohle traces a sinister connection between missing children along the coast and evangelist Billy Lee Tuttle's Wellsprings Program. Hart is reintroduced to a former prostitute he met during the Lange investigation. In 2012, Papania and Gilbough question Maggie, now divorced from Marty, about Cohle and Hart during 2002, the year their relationship fractured and Cohle quit the force following a suspension. 6
Lisa Hammer guestStars
Michael David guestStars
Lon Chaney Jr. guestStars
David Simon writers
Gregory Michael Cooke guestStars
American Pioneers, 1855-1910 13 1 The distinctly American voices of Walt Whitman, Edgar Allen Poe, Julia Ward Howe, Herman Melville, and Emily Dickinson. Featured performers: Stacy Keach and Lee Remick. 1984-11-18
There's a ticket for entertainer Nita Graham for a trip aboard the Tiki. Adam delivers the ticket in person, but Nita doesn't know what he's talking about, and she isn't planning any trips. 10 One Way Ticket 1961-12-03 3
'In Yakima, Washington, high school athletic director ''Gabby'' Moore turns out winning teams and championship athletes. But when two of Gabby's prot?g?s are unexpectedly drawn into his personal life a deadly game of love, loyalty, lust and betrayal arises. 1 Wrestling With The Devil 2013-11-23 4
6 Birthday 1997-11-07 'A young woman is viciously attacked. Falsone and Lewis are called to the scene because the victim wasn't expected to make it. Stivers is working in Sex Crimes and is second to the scene; however, because Homicide was first it is technically their case. The attack is the third in three months and the bosses decide they'll work the case together. Frank's wife is overdue on her delivery. Tim recommends a restaurant whose salad has been known to ''''kick start'''' delivery in pregnant women. Frank gives it a try. Georgia Rae Mahoney meets Kellerman and mentions to him that she has a surveillance tape from Luther's condo. She tells him she'll keep in touch. Kellerman tracks down the old surveillance equipment from Luther's condo. A possible suspect is found in the rape case that doesn't turn into anything. A recanvas of the bars brings a new suspect to light. The salad might have worked its magic, because Mary gives birth, although there are complications that cause Frank to think about the job's 4
directors Michael Hurst
Park Bo-gum actor
directors Jeff Schaffer
2 After businessman Adam Armitage pushes a homeless man, he doesn’t know that he’s killed him, so what is the reason why is he running away? Rachel gets married to a happy Sean and Janet admits her marriage is over. Things We Do For Love 2013-04-10 3
Lynn Hamilton guestStars
Jamieson Boulanger guestStars
Mary B. Ward guestStars
1 Deception 2019-06-22 The military police raid Club Gyeongseong and arrest General Murai. They confiscate documents he had given to Madam Yu and warn them not to say a word of their visit. Meanwhile, Matsuura and Fukuda interview an employee at the telecommunication company with no promising leads. 27
Scott Wordham guestStars
1 Allen, Lenalee, Krory, Lavi, and Bookman accompany Mei-Ling to meet with her Finder at the Asian Headquarters. However Lulubell and her hoards of Akuma are hot on their trail. Even though she is badly hurt, Mimi decides to help Lulubell in any way she can, even at the cost of her own life.  Feelings of Devotion 2007-09-18 50
Tanya Lewis guestStars
Markku Wilenius guestStars
director Jay Tobias
director Justus Addiss
Lisa Newman-Williams guestStars
guestStars Nathan Fillion
director Bonnie Mark
'Over a makeup dinner with the Braudys, Larry openly ponders the question, ''When a husband pays the check, do you have to also thank the wife?'' Meanwhile, Jeff's return home is ruined by his allergy to the family's corpse-sniffing German Shepherd, but his daughter Sammy refuses to give away the dog. Concerned about his agent's welfare, Larry figures out an ingenious way to give the pooch to the Braudys, who are looking for just such a dog. 7 2002-10-27 The Corpse-Sniffing Dog 3
writers Tom Fontana
writers Bruno Hampel
Beau Willimon writers
Luis Guzman guestStars
Rhonda R. Overby guestStars
Kurt Engfehr director
director Tomoyuki Itamura
Steve Cumyn guestStars
Toufuyashi writers
2 11 2012-03-17 Tsukihi Phoenix - Part 4 After learning from Shinobu that Tsukihi is actually a supernatural being that endlessly reincarnates as a human child after dying, Koyomi leaves Karen standing guard at their house's destroyed front door before setting to the place Oshino used to live to confront Yozuru and Yotsugi. To prepare for their clash, Shinobu draws some of Koyomi's blood to recover her true form and agrees to fight Yotsugi while her master deals with Yozuru. Yozuru reveals to Koyomi that she, Oshino and Kaiki were friends from college and it was Kaiki who told her about Tsukihi being a phoenix. After viciously attacking Koyomi, Yozuru learns that her partner was easily defeated by Shinobu, and just when she is about to confront the vampire, Koyomi rises again, claiming that he would never give up on his sister, no matter what kind of creature she is. Realizing his determination to protect Tsukihi and that he never fought with the intention to kill her, Yozuru decides to give up and leaves peacefully with her familiar. Koyomi returns home to check on Tsukihi and declares to her that he will soon introduce his girlfriend to his sisters. In the end, Koyomi is seen meeting Hitagi at a beach.
guestStars Debra Monk
Kaitlin Olson guestStars
writers Gene Wang
Night of Terror: The Bega Schoolgirls 2009-05-28 'Crime Investigation Australia explores the murders of two teenage girls near the NSW town of Bega in 1997.14-year-old Lauren Barry and 16-year-old Nichole Collins disappeared while walking towards home along the Snowy Mountains Highway. A huge manhunt by police and the girls’ families and friends failed to find any trace of them.The girls had been abducted by Leslie Camilleri and Lindsay Beckett who had a combined record of more than 200 convictions.The girls were driven several hundred kilometres across the border into Victoria during which they were repeatedly assaulted and raped, then tied-up and gagged before being murdered.This episode of CIA features detailed re-enactments and interviews with key figures, including the main investigating police from New South Wales and Victoria, and an exclusive interview with Nathan Barry, the brother of one of the murdered girls. 4 3
Won Bong disseminates a warning letter to the Joseon Governor Office to alert them of the Heroic Corps revolutionary movement. The warning puts Oda, Kento, and Matsuura desperately wanting to capture Won Bong. Meanwhile, the Heroic Corps plan their attack on the Joseon Governor Office. Trust 1 2019-06-01 17
guestStars Rhea Seehorn
Sean Penn sits down with Zach's twin brother, Seth Galifianakis. 1 2010-08-24 10 Sean Penn
A Bride for the Captain 23 1962-03-11 3
Maryanne Marino guestStars
2016-06-20 Continuing Animation in which a boy of six confronts grown-up ideas about the world and sets out to challenge them, embarking on wild imaginary adventures with his pet pig. Kazoops!
2013-05-01 Witness 5 Having discovered the remains of several bodies, Gill and Dodson’s teams need to try and identify them, and attempt to piece together the order in which they were murdered. Joe Bevan remains tight lipped though. After the remains of a teenage girl are found in an upstairs room, Helen is faced with the possibility that her dad killed both her brother and her sister. 3
directors Christine Cynn
Nina Hellman guestStars
directors Kathryn Bigelow
2 2 1964-07-16
guestStars Kincaid Walker
actor Michael Kelly
director J?rgen Goslar
directors Barbara Kopple
1 0 In this half-hour special episode broadcast on Comedy Central, Zach interviews Tina Fey, Jon Stewart and Sir Richard Branson, nominees of The 2012 Comedy Awards. A Fairytale of New York 2012-05-06
writers Gary Janetti
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Brian Constantini guestStars
guestStars Noam Zylberman
writers Melissa James Gibson
Alina Foley guestStars
Steve Park guestStars
actor Kim Bum
Rick Warner guestStars
The team investigate the murder of a man whose body is discovered shortly after he is reported missing by his son is discovered. Rachel's self-destructive behavior leads to a falling-out with Janet, and forces Sean to realize that his marriage is over. 7 Wrong Place, Wrong Time 2013-05-22 3
guestStars Paulette Goddard
Alik Sakharov directors
2010-09-12 9 Brock, Hank, and Dean must go on a fantastic voyage into Rusty's brain to find out why he's in a coma. Meanwhile, Henchman 21 demands new henchsuits, but the Monarch is too busy obsessing with his latest purchase, a butter-glider.  The Diving Bell vs. The Butterglider 4
1961-10-29 Vincent Michelet finds that his mother, who he believed dead, is alive in a Swiss Hospital. And his mother tells him that another member of the family is also still alive, his Aunt Vivian, who has a price on her head for collaborating with the Nazis. The Closing Circle 5 3
'Bayliss has disappeared again as Pembleton and Brodie make their way to the scene of a shotgun suicide. The victim appears to be Beau Felton. Gee's letter, including information gained in the ''''Burundi'''' case, begins to make an impact at the highest levels of the department. Frank returns to the department with the news about his case. Lewis goes off, wondering who is going to be next. Det. Falsone comes to the squad with news about why he thinks Beau Felton killed himself. Lewis and Stivers discuss the Mahoney shooting. Cox finds something interesting about the Felton case; she digs in deeper and the results change the case to a murder. Bayliss turns up the next day and disappears again to his Uncle George's place. Pembleton and Howard try to work with Falsone to find Beau's killer. Gee finds out that Beau had been working undercover for the past six months on the Cantwell auto-theft ring. Megan Russert returns from France. 21 1997-05-09 5 Partners and Other Strangers (1)
writers Melissa James Gibson
Lee Goldberg writers
2 Kara tries to protect Mary Jane from the results of a focus group; Niecy tries to shield herself and Treyvion from his father, who unexpectedly returns from college; Patrick tries to balance work and family; and Mary Jane meets with Sheldon DeWitt. Sleepless in Atlanta 2015-02-24 4
Rich Grosso guestStars
directors Bill Purple
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Steve Coogan guestStars
writers Doc Hammer
13 Episode 13 2019-06-22 3
guestStars Stephen Ratazzi
directors Bill Purple
writers Seth Kurland
Frank Pugliese writers
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Vanessa Brown guestStars
'Does your neighbor have butt implants and a blueberry obsession? Can your best friend do ANYTHING without barfing? Welcome to Lundgren, where Sanjay Patel and Craig Slithers have the most rad-awesome adventures imaginable.From their collection of fart jars to their shared love of chicken wings, Sanjay and Craig are more than a boy and his pet snake… they’re family!Ready for the ride? Buckle up your fart baby and grab some napkins because Sanjay and Craig are about to douse you in awesome-sauce. NOICE! See you at the Frycade! 2013-05-25 Sanjay and Craig Ended
2 1999-02-14 6 Bernie discovers she is pregnant with Father Matthew's baby. Danny tells Lucy that he knows she was raped. Sergeant Slater's dog Syndrome uncovers something interesting in the lake. Episode 6
directors J?rgen Goslar
director Jeff Schaffer
writers David Mills
Toufuyashi writers
guestStars Kayla Maisonet
guestStars Don Stark
directors Julie Martin
director Robert Weide
writers Matt Roller
directors Morag Fullarton
2 1960-10-17 Once Around the Circuit 3
David Schurmann guestStars
Joey Perillo guestStars
1995-12-01 6 A Doll's Eyes 4 'Technically it's not a homicide; however, Pembleton and Bayliss investigate the ''''murder'''' of a small boy who's the victim of a stray bullet, which makes him brain dead. The parents must choose what to do with their son. The Pope is in town.
1 2009-09-08 6 Zach has a chat with Charlize Theron, Academy Award winner and star of The Road. Charlize Theron
actor Rachel Brosnahan
Michael Bowles guestStars
writers Joshua Corey
20 Returning from his visit at the Polar Snake Shrine, Kaiki asks Hitagi to meet him again, ending up in a Mister Donut restaurant. Kaiki claims that it will be easy for him to deceive Nadeko as at her current condition, she can't doubt anyone - she has turned even more childish than she was in her human state, unable to detect any ill will. He reveals his plan to spare Koyomi and the others by lying to her that they died in an accident, thus he needs Hitagi to convince Koyomi to cease all connections with Nadeko. Hitagi, relieved and crying, thanks him for his services. On the following day, Kaiki is approached by Yotsugi who comes with an ultimatum from Gaen urging him to pull off his scheme to deceive Nadeko, claiming that the stake is too high and the entire city may be destroyed should he fail. Despite accepting ¥3,000,000 as compensation from Gaen, Kaiki moves on with his plan and pays another visit to Nadeko, claiming that he has a special wish she can fulfill and he will keep visiting her in a 100 visit cycle. Nadeko cheerfully tells him that she destroyed the cat's cradle yarn and used a white snake instead. Terrified, he determines she is not only an idiot, but also insane. After the meetup, Kaiki tricks Nadeko's parents to have them leave their house and he takes the opportunity to investigate her room, getting startled upon finding out what she kept hidden inside her closet.  2013-12-08 3 Hitagi End - Part 3
10 The Bat Mitzvah 6 2007-11-11 Larry uses Sammie Greene's bat mitzvah to try and clear up a nasty rumor about him; the Blacks announce they're returning home; Larry makes another attempt at dating.
directors ?? ?
Tim McAdams guestStars
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Christmas Special 1 0 2013-12-27 A festive edition of the comedy starring Ian McKellen and Derek Jacobi as a couple who have lived together in London for 50 years. Freddie and Stuart invite friends round for a Christmas Day celebration at their flat, where a game of truth or dare leads to unexpected revelations as young neighbour Ash struggles to manage in the kitchen, and Freddie prepares for a big role. With Frances de la Tour and Iwan Rheon.
Terrance Fleming guestStars
writers Henry Bromell
Gloria DeHaven guestStars
Larry David writers
directors Carl Franklin
Broti Gupta writers
1 2017-10-31 My Family Monty is teased by a school friend for having a strange family and begins to wish the Kazoops were more like everyone else. 72
Frank Martela guestStars
2 Croesus Crisis Sunny Boy opens up a casino and Black Jack is furious. Sunny's henchmen attacks the Croesus Palace Casino while Mona is performing. She is saved by Ace who sits in the audience admiring her. Blackjack retaliates by manipulating the machines in Sunny's casino, allowing everybody to win, nearly ruining Sunny. He refuses to pay the won money to the winners. Out for revenge, Sunny pays an employee from Blackjack to bring him the lucky rabbit's paw of him. He gives it to the sorceress, Scaras who uses the paw to manipulate Blackjack and drug him. While Mona's father's health is deteriorating, Mona turns to Ace and asks for his help. Ace furiously tells her that Blackjack is a criminal and hates him, just like Ace despises Blackjack, and he refuses to help. Blackjack turns worser and worser and Mona comes in person to the Magic Express. She reminds Ace that he is responsible for her father's condition. Suddenly, there's a flashback that shows Ace and Jack fighting on a wooden beam over a rag 5
2 2009-09-14 Isabella Rossellini takes a closer look at the life of an anchovy.  Bon Appetit - Anchovy 3
Daisuke Namikawa actor
Nicole Randall Johnson guestStars
2 2014-02-14 11 A Special Prosecutor interrogates Francis. Remy Danton tries to keep his options open. Stamper wrestles with his demons. Chapter 24
writers Chad Fiveash
director Michael Radford
Katherine Kamhi guestStars
Gavin Goren guestStars
Mike begins by traveling to Palo Alto, CA to learn how to be a pet groomer, from cutting hair to giving baths.  Mike then goes to Hawaii to turn happy green algae into unhappy red algae to be used as antioxidant gelcaps for human consumption. Finally, Mike goes to Missouri to learn how to be a charcoal factory worker. Mike ends the day with a barbeque and introduces us to the crew that help make the show. Micro-Algae Man 1 2005-11-01 12
'This glittering and hilarious series delves inside Simon's youthful memories and his desire to escape suburban Reading and live amongst the ''beautiful people'' - from his perspective as a window dresser in a New York department store.Surrounded by dreams of the big and all the beautiful people that go with it, 13-year-old Simon (Luke Ward-Wilkinson) can't open a fridge door without belting out a show tune.But such behaviour will always fall flat on a family even more eccentric than Simon's latest attempts to be fabulous. The Britain of 1997 might be changing, but the Doonan clan remain consistently nuts. Beautiful People (2008) 2008-10-02 Ended
2 Baz and the mammies head to New Orleans to undertake more death-defying challenges. 2016-10-03 New Orleans 3
Jon Korkes guestStars
Robert B. Weide director
1 23 Jerry Seinfeld & Cardi B Jerry Seinfeld and Cardi B sit down with Zach Galifianakis for an interview without coffee, cars, or money moves. 2018-06-14
writers Tom Fontana
Hot in Cleveland '''Hot in Cleveland'' revolves around three fabulous, eccentric, LA best friends of a certain age whose lives are changed forever when their plane unexpectedly lands in Cleveland and they soon rediscover themselves in this new ''promised land.'' 2010-06-16 Ended
Larry David director
Nelson Mashita guestStars
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Larry Charles directors
8 6 2018-11-02 Claire tries to tarnish Frank's legacy. Doug provokes Claire by releasing excerpts from Frank's diary. A rift develops between the Shepherds. Chapter 73
Diana Lynn guestStars
director Bill Purple
Bob Supan guestStars
writers John Mankiewicz
Mark Beesley director
writers Alvin Sapinsley
directors Gareth Carrivick
Craig Horner actor
2 1 Danny is contemplating suicide after being made to feel an outcast after admitting to his wife Emma that he had been gambling again. John Fisher can no longer cope with his wife's affairs and he bludgeons her to death in the bath. Episode 1 1999-01-10
Bruce Willis guestStars
Robert Bonarth guestStars
Anne Helm guestStars
directors Ted Wass
directors Scott Aukerman
Robert Bockstael guestStars
director Nick Gomez
Promo 1 0 2013-05-22
Larry David writers
Rachel True guestStars
1 The Death-Divers 28 1960-04-25
actor Susie Essman
1 Fire (1) 1995-10-20 4 Bolander and Felton are suspended for 22 weeks without pay for incidents related to activities at a police convention in Washington, DC. Howard plans to take the sergeant's exam. Pembleton and Bayliss are assigned to investigate the death of a body found at an arson. At the scene they meet an arson detective that clashes with Frank's working style. Frank hesitates chasing a suspect, and later we learn that his wife is pregnant. Munch also decides to take the exam, and when the wagering begins on who is going to pass, everyone favors Howard. While the detectives are debating whether the fire was set to cover the murder, another fire is started.
guestStars Julie Payne
actor Nathan Darrow
Steve Hofvendahl guestStars
Edie gets an unexpected visit from her son. An unexpected pregnancy causes complications. Victor Lang, a man in his 40s running for mayor of Fairview, introduces himself for Gabrielle. The deceased Rex Van De Kamp narrates. 2007-03-04 My Husband, The Pig 16 3
2017-11-28 As the West Australia adventure comes to an end, the four youths head to another special experience. This time it’s a whale-watching tour, where you can see real wild whales swimming in front of your eyes. At nature’s grand scene, the members tear up thinking of their past and struggles as a K-POP idol group. 5 The Last Supper 4
Robert B. Weide director
1966-05-20 4 4
Cleo Reginald Pizana guestStars
guestStars David Eigenberg
guestStars Deron McBee
Agent # 1 and Agent # 2 travel to South Beach, Miami, where the ego driven Mr. Fish and his explosive partner in crime, Rock DeBrie, plot to destroy the trend-setting capitol. With the help of a maraschino cherry camera and a Ricky Martin inflatable decoy. The Agents use their wits and fashion sense to combat Mr. Fish's evil plan to hypnotically dictate international fads. 1 1 Move Over Miami
Richard Levinson writers
Whit Stillman directors
directors Michael Dante DiMartino
Steve Hytner guestStars
Kevin Grantz guestStars
directors Jacques Tourneur
James Tolkan guestStars
Garrett Bales guestStars
Sean Persaud guestStars
As the puppy wanted small dogs 1 3
1 No Dice! At the Sunset Casino, Ace was looking for Cosmo when he accidentally bumps into a strange person. Ace follows the strange man into a secret room and discovers he planted a bomb. Ace was caught by the stranger and got stunned while the bomb is heading into the main area of the casino. As for Cosmo, two of Sonny Boy's henchmen throws him out, since Sonny owns the casino and does not welcome Ace and his friends. Ace wakes up and manages to evacuate the casino and was almost killed. Back at the Magic Express, Angel explains the potency of the bomb and tells the only way to prevent the explosion is to keep it at a colder temperature. All of a sudden, Ace gets a call from the same stranger who blew up Sunset Casino saying that he will blow up another casino to put addicted gamblers out of their misery. Ace meets Vega at the police headquarters and learns that someone has demanded exactly $2,307,680 from the DNA Club & Casino. There, Ace, Vega, and Cosmo found the stranger disguised as a woma 26 1999-08-14
directors China Moo-Young
Michael Fields directors
director Christine Gernon
4 4 After having relaxing days in Swakopmund, they hit the road again to see wild animals this time. They head to Etosha National Park which is known as home to numerous kinds of wild animals. They are surprised by an appearance of a wild animal at the entrance of the park. For the second camping in Africa, Jae Hong cooks again. While having dinner, they bring back their old memories and talk about their career and friendship. 2016-03-11 Welcome to the Kingdom of Animals
Judy Marshak guestStars
guestStars Mekhi Phifer
guestStars Michael York
directors James B. Clark
2 2014-02-14 Chapter 19 6 Amidst an energy crisis, Francis and Tusk end their shaky alliance. Lucas must make a difficult choice. Stamper grows closer to Rachel.
director Daniel Sackheim
1 Mike first heads off to Pasadena, California and discovers the difficult step by step process in patching up a roof. Then Mike goes to New Jersey and helps move a 60 ton, 225 year old house. 7 2005-09-27 Hot Tar Roofer
Carla Jeffery guestStars
J. Smith Cameron guestStars
writers Jonathan Harvey
Mia Barron guestStars
Lauren Hulsey guestStars
As Yotsugi's words sink in, Koyomi remains unfazed. He reasons that his experiences as a vampire must have come with a price. One that he should have to pay. Yozuru commends Koyomi for his acceptance, but tells him that while there is no way to undo the progress of his transformation, there is a way he can stop it from progressing further: he must no longer use his powers as a vampire. Yotsugi informs Koyomi that he can still use his blood to feed Shinobu, but he shouldn't do it too often, and not to the point where he gains any powers. Yozuru warns him that if he were to progress further toward being a vampire, she would have to kill him, as is her duty as a specialist. This raises Shinobu's ire, and she tells Yozuru that if Koyomi were to die, the restraints on her would be released, returning her to her status as lord of the vampires. She would use that power to kill Yozuru. Yozuru accepts the challenge. Yotsugi, not wanting to see the others fight, urges Koyomi to never use his powers again, in order to keep things the way they are. Reluctantly, Koyomi promises to stop using his powers. Internally, however, he has doubts as to whether or not he can. He knows that if someone he cares about were going to die he wouldn't hesitate to use his powers to save them. Later, as Koyomi and Yozuru are discussing the reasoning behind her focus on killing immortal apparations, Yozuru receives a call from Izuko. Yozuru tells Koyomi and Yotsugi to go to Suruga's house immediately, to check on his sisters. They arrive to find not only Koyomi's sisters, but also Suruga missing. In their place is a series of paper cranes. Yotsugi explains that the bird shape indicates that the kidnapper is after Tsukihi, the phoenix. They meet back up with Yozuru, who explains that the man behind the kidnapping is Teori Tadatsuru, an apparation specialist and doll master. Like Yozuru, Teori is a specialist who focuses on killing immortal apparitions. Yozuru warns Koyomi that he can't use his powers as a vampire to solve this, nor can Shinobu. Koyomi remarks on the costs of his vampire power usage, likening it to divine punishment. Yotsugi and Yozuru disagree, stating that the kidnapping happening the day Koyomi finds out he transformed into vampire is much too coincidental. Koyomi and Yozuru then discuss possibilities for Teori's motivations, and who he is as a specialist. Yozuru says that Teori doesn't hold much in the way of convictions, only that he finds apparitions to be beautiful. Teori himself is an artist, and as a specialist he goes around like Meme, mediating between apparitions and humans. Yozuru then reveals that Teori's true targets are Koyomi and Shinobu, and as Teori operates outside of Izuko's network of specialists, Meme's assertion that Koyomi and Shinobu are harmless means nothing to Teori. The group then looks through the paper cranes, and finds one with Teori's location: the North Shirahebi Shrine. Yotsugi and Koyomi prepare to jump to a location near the mountain where the shrine is. Yozuru will proceed to the shrine on her own, but she tells Koyomi to do things when he feels it's right, and not to wait for her.  0 17 Yotsugi Doll - Part 3 2014-12-31
Frank Martela guestStars
director Josef Leytes
director Tom Fontana
director ????
actor Jon Seda
1999-04-17 1 In the Magic Express Ace is working with Angel on a hologram device to clone to create a duplicate of himself for his newest show while Cosmo is busy playing an interactive computer game that is an adults-only rated game called Raptor XII and Cosmo isn't even at age 18. When a lightning hits the train, everything shuts down including Angel. As Ace and Cosmo inspects everything they don't realize someone is in the Express. The person is Lt. Vega and Cosmo that rated AO games are strictly for adults. Vega gets a call from Ms. LeSage, but a mysterious character comes on. The mystery character kidnaps LeSage and the mysterious character was Raptor XII. Senator Dobbs is also kidnap from Raptor XII. Raptor XII is looking for a person name Major. Raptor starts programming more of himself. Ace and Cosmo managed to escaped. But Dobbs is still in trouble. 8 Bad Program
writers Sharat Sardana
William Froug writers
Larry vs. Michael J. Fox 8 Larry accuses his neighbor, Michael J. Fox of harassment; Jeff takes a bullet for Susie; Larry gives an inappropriate gift to Elizabeth's son.  10 2011-09-11
Bill McLaughlin guestStars
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
director Cary Fukunaga
2 Claire's U.N. bid runs into trouble. Frank fights off mutiny with a bold address to the country. Chapter 28 2015-02-27 3
director John R. Pepper
1 1 After the murder of his father, and a chance encounter with a mysterious Confessor named Kahlan, Richard Cypher learns of an ancient prophecy that has named him the first true Seeker in over a millennium. Along with an old wizard named Zedd, Richard and Kahlan must stop the ruthless tyrant Darken Rahl from unleashing an ancient evil. Prophecy 2008-11-01
Peter Gerety guestStars
Sodachi Lost - Part 3 Ougi claims to have figured out the whereabouts of Oikura’s mother and, in her own way, helps Araragi and Hanekawa to solve the mystery. 6 2015-11-08 4
Ann Allen guestStars
Jeffrey Wright guestStars
Andrea Fletcher guestStars
Jamie Elliott guestStars
John Larch guestStars
Rogers Turrentine writers
2016-08-22 Moonlight Drawn By Clouds Can a disguise be an obstacle to real love? Hong Ra-on is a young woman during the Joseon Dynasty who makes a living by dressing up like a man and giving relationship advice to the lovelorn young men who seek her counsel. A love letter that Ra-on writes for a client brings her in contact with Lee Yeong, who is the Crown Prince Hyomyeong, the first son of King Sunjo and heir to the throne. But neither knows the true identity of the other. As Lee Yeong becomes strangely drawn to Ra-on, the crown prince’s eunuchs brings her into the palace as one of their own, giving her insights into palace life that no woman has seen before. Inside the palace, Ra-on becomes entangled with the poet Kim Sat-gat, Lee Yeong’s trusted confidante; scholar Kim Yoon-sung, who is the crown prince’s nemesis; and Jo Ha-yeon, the chosen royal consort for Lee Yeong. Can Ra-on survive the royal palace life without being exposed as a woman? Ended
guestStars Paul Klintworth
Eric Poppick guestStars
Larry David writers
2 Team Venture find themselves trapped in the clutches of a bloodthirsty Egyptian cult and their time machine.  Doc narrowly escapes and teams up with Master Billy Quizboy and Pete White, but promptly forgets to mount a rescue.  So it's up to Brock and a pantheon of history's greatest men to find another way out. 2006-07-16 4 Escape to the House of Mummies (Part II)
director Nick Wood
Sharon Elizabeth Doyle writers
2 21 Episode 21 2017-09-13
Louis Nye guestStars
Robert Carlson guestStars
Emily Kuroda guestStars
directors Ed Sherin
Larry David writers
Carlos Juan Gonzales guestStars
actor Kyle Secor
Paul Boocock guestStars
0 Upon finding the Demon's head, she meets Rouka once again. Instead of giving the head to Rouka, she refuses. She is unable to stand the sight of her because of the fact that she can see her as she is a ghost. Suruga then challenges Rouka to one-on-one basketball in a wager for the head if Suruga loses. 2014-08-16 Suruga Devil - Part 5 14
Lee Bonner directors
Trent McMullen guestStars
Steve Cumyn guestStars
5 0
Tia Carrere guestStars
writers Scott Silveri
Keith Gordon directors
writers Henry Bromell
network YLE
Jessica Chastain guestStars
Wayne finds himself in a no-win situation as new clues emerge in the Purcell case. Roland wrestles with how to keep evidence secure as lawyers demand a new investigation. Amelia finds her relationship with Wayne imperiled by her writing aspirations and his jealousy. If You Have Ghosts 2019-02-03 5 3
guestStars James Urbaniak
director Jay Chandrasekhar
network ZDF
Sam Valle guestStars
Elizabeth Marvel guestStars
Hank and Dean Venture, with their father Doctor Venture and faithful bodyguard Brock Samson, go on wild adventures facing megalomaniacs, zombies, and suspicious ninjas, all for the glory of adventure. Or something like that. Continuing The Venture Bros. 2004-08-01
Doc Hammer guestStars
Lois Kelso Hunt guestStars
P?ivi Uljas guestStars
writers Ben Masselink
Julie Newmar guestStars
director Michael Fields
The Four Dummies continue their journey in Iceland. After a long day in the wilderness, they finally get to see the Northern Lights in the city of Vik. They are once again stunned by the beauty of Mother Nature and think of their loved ones back in Korea. For the first time, they enjoy a meal at a local restaurant and fall in love with its exotic dishes. 2016-01-22 The Northern Lights 4 3
Antoinette Spolar guestStars
Senator Dobbs, Electro City's leader wants to give his new Circus Amusement Park and himself a big publicity stunt, Ace Cooper proposes on making the big disappear. Unfortunately, they and the senator's secretary experience elevator problems when a computer hacker sets off a bomb. The hostage taker has set up explosives on the stairs as well to keep the police at bay. Cosmo and Angel introduce a computer virus into City Hall's mainframe, stalling the hostage taker long enough for Ace and the others to escape safely. Accused Dobbs is not truthful about his financial records, Ace meets Lt. Vega at the police at police headquarters and discovers the identity of the hostage taker: Bill Peach, a former city hall employee who stumbled upon Dobb's emblezzing of funds from the building of the park and who tried to tell the police about it but got thrown out. Later, Ace and Vega confront two men Dobbs sent to kill Peach. Ace and Vega find Peach's trick mannequin and learn his plan to use the Ma 1 1999-03-13 3 Mad Train
Bill Kennedy writers
Tara Strong actor
director Holly Dale
director Robert Scheerer
1999-04-17 Monster Rancher 'Monster Rancher is about a kid named Genki who gets sucked into his favorite videogame. There he meets Moochi, Holly, Suezo, Tiger, Golem and Hare, together they go on a journey find the Phoenix and stop Moo's diabolical plan. While Monster Rancher has a 3rd season, it will NOT be airing here in the U.S. Characters Genki:An 11 year-old corageous, athletic, but not too bright kid that was sucked into his video game.  Holly:A girl that lost her father at a young age. Holly was born and raised in Monster World, and likes things to be peaceful so she wants to find the Phoenix to return the peace. Suezo:Holly's childhood companion monster. He goes with her on all her adventures to keep her safe. Golem:Once a protector of disks, Golem now travels with the group in search of the Phoenix. He might look big and mean but he really is a softy in the inside. Hare:Once a medal Ended
writers Seth Kurland
2013-11-13 0 37 Koyaanisqatsi
Paul Dooley guestStars
guestStars Lynne Thigpen
Laurie Kennedy guestStars
Robert Bockstael actor
2016-02-27 0 28 Koyomi Mountain
Dana Gourrier guestStars
Alexandra Daddario guestStars
Joe Chrest guestStars
directors J?rgen Goslar
guestStars J. Michael Hunter
director John Coles
Rome Kanda actor
actor Inge Maux
Dan Hildebrand guestStars
Erin Moriarty guestStars
writers Gary Janetti
John Anderson guestStars
guestStars Brendon Small
David Steinberg directors
Brad Hall guestStars
guestStars Christopher McCulloch
0 22 2013-10-09 Searching for Sugarman
Presenting document The Yes Men Fix The World 0 52 2014-09-03
2005-12-27 0 Mike Rowe steps into the world of creepy critters and gets up close and personal with some small creatures. Mike talks about some of the behind the scenes moments from when he was an exterminator, a crab fisherman, a bee keeper/exterminator, worn farmer, and finally a bat biologist. Creepy Critters 3
1 12 2004-10-23 The Monarch is on trial for the one crime he may not have committed, under mysterious circumstances stemming from his bitter breakup with Dr. Girlfriend.  The boys and Dr. Orpheus are forced to testify, but only Brock is aware that something far more sinister is afoot. The Trial of the Monarch
Whit Stillman director
0 War Photographer 2014-09-24 63
Larry David writers
Chik? Okonkwo actor
guestStars Jessie & Guness )
directors Chris Martin-Jones
Susan Huey guestStars
2 1 Seeing Things 2014-01-19 Under pressure to land a suspect in the Lange murder, Quesada warns Hart and Cohle that they might be replaced by three detectives from a new task force. The pair lobbies for extra time to follow up on a lead that takes them from a rural cathouse to an incinerated church. With his marriage to Maggie already strained by work, Hart finds respite away from home.
Well Digger 2007-01-30 'Mike joins the Bowie BaySox team at Prince Georges Stadium in Maryland acting as a groundskeeper. Next he fixes boat moorings with a former Navy SEAL.  He then joins Watson Water company dig deep through mud, rock, gravel, sand and water as they drill for heating and water in Tennessee. Also, Mike takes a dive into the mail bag. 4 3
Sarah Marshall guestStars
'Volume 4: The Wanda Beach Murders (30 mins) (M)The Beaumont Children Mystery (25 mins) (M)Kid for Ransom - The Graeme Thorne Case (50 mins) (PG)Tears for Daniel - Disappearance of Daniel Morcombe (25 mins) (PG)No More Grannies - John Glover (50 mins) (M) 0 Volume 4 4
director Larry Charles
guestStars JB Smoove
Archie is standing in for a friend at a party for unwed mothers when one of the guests drops dead. Through she had often talked about killing herself and was known to carry cyanide, Archie does not believe her death was suicide. A little digging uncovers the connection that proves his hunch, and Nero helps bring the killer to justice. 2001-05-06 1 Champagne for One (2) 4
Imagination loosed in William Blake, Christopher Smart, Samuel Taylor Coleridge, and William Wordsworth. Featured performers: Peggy Ashcroft, Julian Glover, and Ian Richardson. 1 9 1984-10-21 Romantic Pioneers, 1750-1805
Erik Todd Dellums guestStars
2019-04-19 8 Episode 8 3
2007-08-21 Mike Rowe gets dirty as he forages the swamps of Louisiana in search of alligator eggs 90,000 of them to be exact. It's a very dirty job that's helping to preserve the population of the American alligator. 3 14 Alligator Egg Collector
David Simon writers
Bob Muldonian guestStars
Adam Trese guestStars
1 Episode 5 2015-07-20 5
2 2 2014-09-19 Laos - Part 2
Wolfgang Becker directors
Because of Murai, Young Jin worries that Hiroshi will learn of her true identity. She tells Won Bong about Murai's threat and warns him that he is after him dead or alive. Meanwhile, Murai meets with Oda and asks about Kim Won Bong's bounty. Enemy At All Sides 1 2019-06-15 25
12 Soon after Naomi brought the painting and the camera, she gets killed. Her body was displayed just like the painting she had brought which makes the Golden Time Team think it was done by someone related to Auction Fabre. Meanwhile, Kang Woo quits his job and tries to go after the perpetrator by his way. (Source: Viu) Kang Woo Quits His Job 2019-06-16 3
Nancy Beatty guestStars
guestStars Gemmi Teleki
guestStars Josh Temple
Nisse Hallberg guestStars
guestStars Shawn Woodyard
Laura Fairchild guestStars
9 0 2013-10-20 'This episode summarizes the events of the 	Nadeko Medusa episodes Summary III
Steven Ratazzi guestStars
Club Soda and Salt 2002-09-29 'Dismayed in part over the peanut incident, Randy quits his job at the restaurant, and Larry, Jeff and Ted must search for a new chef. Ted suggests they audition his personal chef, but at dinner Larry feels the food ''just wasn't that good'' and rejects the candidate. Meanwhile, Larry accuses his wife Cheryl of having a crush on a tennis-playing cast member of ''Tony n' Tina's Wedding''; a couple refuse Larry's wedding gift because it's more than a year late; and a saleswoman becomes convinced that Larry is stalking her as revenge for her being too aggressive. 3 3
writers Christine Gernon
Akiyuki Shimbou writers
directors Tomoyuki Itamura
Troy Paff guestStars
director Ed Sherin
director Ed Bye
director Josef Leytes
Larry David writers
Tobey Maguire guestStars
Heather Brown guestStars
Carmen Ejogo actor
Kevin Dunn guestStars
24 2016-01-30 0 Koyomi Water
directors Neill Fearnley
2 Thanks to Shinobu, Koyomi manages to find Karen and after a serious fight between them, he convinces her to let him deal with Kaiki by himself. Later that day, he and Hitagi come face to face to Kaiki, but they hear from him, much to their surprise, that he is already leaving the city and Karen should recover in a few days. After letting off all anguish she harbored on him all those time, Hitagi lets Kaiki leave unharmed, and claiming she can finally move on with her life, she asks Koyomi to spend the night with her. In the next day, Koyomi returns home to find that Karen is already fully recovered, and both his sisters leave in a hurry, claiming that there is still work for them to do, due to all the damage Kaiki left behind among their classmates.  2012-02-18 7 Karen Bee - Part 7
Sharon Elizabeth Doyle writers
Saverio Guerra guestStars
Dick York guestStars
director Joshua Oppenheimer
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
directors Michael Hurst
1 Count Noda 2019-06-01 Won Bong asks Young Jin about her relationship with Prosecutor Fukuda. He then warns her that if he were to become a hindrance to their purpose, he would kill him, she tells him that she will eliminate him herself. Later, Won Bong discloses Count Noda as their target and asks Young Jin to help with the assassination. 15
1 Hostile Makeover 6 The Ventures are back! And they’re movin’ on up to a deluxe apartment in the sky. But will mo’ money bring mo’ problems? And can The Monarch handle the commute? 2016-02-01
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
actor Branko Samarovski
actor Raven Goodwin
Jim Klock guestStars
director Tomoyuki Itamura
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
guestStars Howard Hover
Gene Levitt writers
1 Tiny Little Me Monty and Jimmy Jones think nothing interesting happens in the garden, until they shrink to the size of a bee and go exploring. 4 2016-06-23
Interior Decorator 2000-11-12 1 5 Larry has some medical problems involving a certain bracelet. No biggy. Then larger problems arise when Larry finds out he shares the same interior decorator as Diane Keaton.
Judson Pratt guestStars
actor Lucci Ferreira
Presenting document Exit Through the Gift Shop 0 2013-10-02 17
Nad?je 13 1 Nyn? je rok 1797, Franti?ek m? dv? d?ti. Odj??d? do Prahy. Setk?v? se s Th?mem, ten p?i?el o pr?ci u divadla a rozhodne se odjet do Plzn?. Nav?c odhalil Paulinu nev?ru. Paula se ale nakonec rozhodne odjet s n?m. Zd? se, ?e vlastenectv? te? stoj? v pozad?, habsbursk? monarchie mus? ?elit francouzsk?mu vyhl??en? v?lky. Franti?ek chce doma organizovat ?esk? divadlo. Nar??? ale na nesouhlas vy???ch m?st. Stejn? tak s p?j?ov?n?m knih, kter? mu jsou zabaveny. Pozd?ji mu jsou zase vr?ceny a Franti?ek se mus? rozhodnout, jestli je bude p?j?ovat d?l. I p?es p?ek??ky chce Franti?ek ve vlasteneck? pr?ci pokra?ovat.
2 19 2010-05-01 Resurrected Darken Rahl risks the Keeper's wrath by acquiring the secrets of an ancient scroll, forcing the Seeker into an uneasy alliance with his evil brother. Extinction
2 2014-09-24 About Truth 4
Michael G. Hagerty guestStars
2010-01-16 2 When the evil Mord'Sith Denna takes Zedd captive, Richard must abandon his mission to rescue the wizard. 8 Light
1 7 2004-09-18 Dr. Venture, Pete White and Master Billy Quizboy are invited to take part in a top secret government think tank run by supergenius Professor Impossible (coincidentally their former college professor), but Doc's life is in jeopardy once he learns the dark secrets of Impossible's sequestered family. Meanwhile, Hank has become a walking time bomb thanks to a stolen Cold War serum, and Brock and Dean must race the clock to save him. Ice Station - Impossible!
Lucy Lawless guestStars
The Underwoods and their team angle to undermine the revived committee investigating Frank. Hammerschmidt's investigation heats up. 2017-05-30 10 5 Chapter 62
2014-09-17 0 Presenting document The Ambassador 58
Thomas Petersson guestStars
directors Chris Menaul
George Diggs guestStars
directors Felix Feist
director Na Young Seok
network MBC
Richard Alan Simmons writers
director Danny Chun
directors Nick Gomez
Jerome Cowan guestStars
1 1984-05-23 Poems by John Skelton, Thomas Wyatt, Chidiock Tichborne, Thomas Nashe, Christopher Marlowe, Walter Raleigh, and William Shakespeare, ranging from simple, heartfelt sentiments to sophisticated social commentary. Featured performers: Peggy Ashcroft, Nicholas Gecks, Julian Glover, and Ian Richardson. Medieval-Elizabethan, 1400-1600 4
Hannu Yli-Karjanmaa guestStars
directors James Neilson
17 Kaddish 5 A woman that Munch had a crush on in high school is found murdered. He struggles with his faith as he works with Kellerman on the case. Meanwhile, Frank also struggles with his faith and the fact that Mary has left him. 1997-02-21
writers Sally Wainwright
writers Tian Jun Gu
Robert B. Weide directors
Marty Lodge guestStars
Sasha Wexler guestStars
actor Meera Syal
directors Godfrey Reggio
1 Different Paths, Same Dream 23 2019-06-15 Kim Gu meets with Young Jin and Won Bong in Gyeongseong and shares information regarding an assassination attempt. Matsuura interrogates people from Namdaemun street to find Kim Seung Jin. Meanwhile, Oda gets word that Kim Gu may be secretly in Gyeongseong, and a correspondent from the Eastern Daily newspaper arrives.
writers Philip B. Epstein
Jon Hayman guestStars
Akiyuki Shimbou director
Venla M?ntysalo guestStars
director Garth Maxwell
Julia Devin guestStars
1 Like A Pierrot V ~ Untouchable 54 2008-02-03
Satsuki Yukino actor
2 2015-09-16 About Freedom of Speech: The Red Chapel 3
guestStars Cardi B
2 8 2001-11-11 When Larry accidentally trips Shaquille O'Neal at a Lakers game, the incident brings him good luck. Guest starring Shaquille O'Neal and Richard Lewis. Shaq
guestStars Brendon Small
guestStars Simon Oakland
Shelley Berman actor
Ryan Yu guestStars
The Venice Family Clinic Edition 0 2018-05-03 At the 2018 Silver Circle Gala, Sarah Silverman presented Venice Family Clinic’s Humanitarian Award to Funny or Die (Mike Farah and Brad Jenkins) and Between Two Ferns (Zach Galifianakis and Scott Aukerman) for their collaboration to promote the Affordable Care Act through their viral video with President Obama. The team turned around and gave the award to Venice Family Clinic’s Dr. Karen Lamp—who they called the true humanitarian for her 30-year career at the Clinic. Watch Zach Galifianakis interview Dr. Lamp during an impromptu version of Between Two Ferns. 3
director Na Young Seok
Jack Gallagher guestStars
writers Bob Ross
A former military man. Gilbert Hart believes a strict parenting style is the best approach with his rebellious teenagers, but his wife Rebecca thinks that he's crossed the line. It isn't long before, this family feud escalates into an all-out war... Hart of Darkness 2016-01-30 4 3
Toufuyashi writers
Robert B. Weide director
Frank asks Will to help deal with extremists threatening to murder hostages. Hammerschmidt digs deeper into the allegations against Frank. 12 2016-03-04 4 Chapter 51
Vince Edwards guestStars
guestStars Christopher McCulloch
1 2019-05-18 10 Majar, The Bomb Technician 'Matsurra starts to investigate the hospital director's mysterious death. With his hunch and intel that Hiroshi had drinks with him the night before, he acquires the bottle they shared. Meanwhile, Won Bong and Tae Joon learn that Majar, the one carrying Comintern&#8217;s funds, was captured by the Kwantung army and begin to bear arms.
guestStars Tom Fadden
1 Zach interviews Natalie Portman and her dog, Whiz. 2009-05-06 Natalie Portman 4
network Netflix
Elizabeth Berrington actor
director Gareth Carrivick
guestStars Jon Stewart
Larry David writers
Forest of Dean, Gloucestershire 1 8
actor Kim Jae-Wook
guestStars Ann Westin
Jim Boles guestStars
13 1 Episode 13 2009-02-16 Time has passed by; F4 are now college students and Jandi is in her senior year at high school (12th grade). Jandi keeps practicing swimming and works part-time, and awaits Junpyo. Jihoo suggests her to record her message in a video and send it to Junpyo, and he also takes her to the hospital and checks the condition of her shoulder. Jandi finds out that she won’t be able to swim anymore and now it’s too late to cure. Confused and toubled, Jandi goes to Macau to meet Junpyo. She gets surprised at the magnificent look of Hotel Shinhwa, but doesn’t get overwhelmed. However, when Jandi finally gets a chance to see Junpyo, he only gives her the cold shoulder.
Ben Stiller guestStars
Fintan Meyler guestStars
writers Jonathan Harvey
Allison Heartinger guestStars
Gina Jackson guestStars
actor Hans Dagelet
Robert Palfrader actor
writers Christopher Kyle
directors James Yoshimura
Tobey Huss guestStars
Valerie Perrine guestStars
1 Claire's absence causes problems for Frank on the campaign trail amid rumors of a marital rift. Claire tries to strike out on her own. 2016-03-04 4 Chapter 40
Mark Beesley director
2 Wolfe and Archie investigate the murder of the Head of the Bureau of Price Regulations, who was about to speak before the National Industry Association. The Silent Speaker (2) 2002-07-21 14
directors Garth Waxwell
guestStars The Lonely Island
2 1961-05-22 31 Flamin' Lady
Jim Scopeletis guestStars
Betrayal 1997-01-10 12 Frank and Tim investigate the death of a young girl whose abused body was found by the side of the interstate. Brodie goes to an interview with a new potential roommate. Kellerman finally gets his day in court, where he is supposed to take the 5th amendment. Frank and Tim disagree with their pursuit of the investigation. Frank tries a different approach with the mother and she tells him the story-- only they won't be able to get a murder one conviction. Julianna comes down to the courthouse to offer Mike some moral support. He sees Connelly come out of the courtroom and thinks things are going bad, so he prepares to give it all up. However, his appearance before the grand jury doesn't go quite as he expected. Brodie walks out of the building with his new roommate. The detectives try to celebrate Kellerman's freedom, though he has different thoughts about the situation. Tim tries to come to grips with the child abuse he experienced in his past and also tells Frank he doesn't want to be 5
Don Kennedy guestStars
'''Digimon'' are ''Digital Monsters''. According to the stories, they are inhabitants of the ''Digital World'', a manifestation of Earth's communication network. The stories tell of a group of mostly pre-teens, the ''Chosen Children'' (DigiDestined in the English version), who accompany special Digimon born to defend their world (and ours) from various evil forces. To help them surmount the most difficult obstacles found within both realms, the Digimon have the ability to evolve (Digivolve). In this process, the Digimon change appearance and become much stronger, often changing in personality as well. The group of children who come in contact with the Digital World changes from season to season. Digimon: Digital Monsters 1999-03-07 Ended
1 20 President Barack Obama 2014-03-11 President Barack Obama sits down with Zach Galifianakis for his most memorable interview yet.
Robert B. Weide directors
Episode 14 1 2015-08-18 14
director Tom Fontana
directors Paul Stanley
Zach Anner guestStars
Frank Pugliese writers
guestStars Alanis Morissette
director Akiyuki Shinbo
2019-01-25 12 O-- OUR M-A-G--MAGEDDON Dylan is horrified to realize people see her as a mini version of Maya, and makes a point to exert her individuality. JJ and Ray each cope with their feelings for shared crush, Izzy. Meanwhile, Kenneth turns to an unwilling Jimmy for help with Joyce. 3
Larry David writers
Mikael Storsj? guestStars
Diane Baker guestStars
Chapter 70 6 5 Claire allows her enemies to think she's incapacitated as they plot to remove her from office. Doug's investigation leads him to uncover a secret. 2018-11-02
writers Carrie Rosen
writers Erin Maher
1997-09-14 1 1 Episode 1 Compulsive gambler Danny arrives in a small Lake District village and gets a job working under a tyrannical, sex-mad chef in a hotel. He loses the job after making local girl Emma pregnant, and takes charge of hiring out boats. But then there’s a tragic accident while he’s phoning in a bet.
guestStars Kevin Donnelly
Thomas Jones guestStars
2 Motherhunt (2) A baby is left on a widow's doorstep with a note implying that her late husband had been its father. The widow, Lucy Valdon, hires Wolfe and Archie to find the true mother, but soon the case turns deadly. 7 2002-05-19
13 1 'Fujiko enters a chamber where Count Luis Yu Almeida is sitting and waiting for her, however Lupin interferes from a communications room and being gunned by Jigen, who inhaled the Fraulein Eule Cult drug, which makes Lupin flee. Fujiko falls into another chamber where message appears in blocks and Lupin assists Fujiko to reach again the top. In a special room, Lupin explains the real events that occurred in the tragedy of Eulenspiegel and the process of brutally inducing mind control to little girls. Also in the room lies Dr. Kaiser's daughter Aisha who has been long time experimented for the sake of Count Almeida and now frail and weakened. Fujiko reveals that she entered the manor as a maid and intends to steal the Fraulein Eule cult drug, however she's been cornered by Almeida's men and experimented her as well. Her drive to steal and indulge in sex made Aisha somewhat happy. As the conversation draws close, Lupin gets Aisha and unmasks ''Minerva's'' Owl who happens to be Aisha's mother who survived the Eulenspiegel tragedy. Lupin and Fujiko brings Aisha to a coastline, but Aisha succumbs due to her weakened state. Fujiko challenges Lupin to steal her but Lupin ends up in failure catching her because of immediate breakdown of Lupin's car.  The Woman Called Fujiko Mine (2) 2012-06-27
1 11 Kangaroo ~ Like A Pierrot ~ Daruma 7 2008-02-03
guestStars Dutch Johnson
Gabriela Vr?nov? actor
Larry David writers
The Violent Journey 24 1 1960-03-28 Troy marries a young couple not realizing that the young lady is actually underage and the man is a fortune hunter intent on securing his wife's father's fortune.
director Jonathan Brough
2 9 2008-10-30 The Predator: Leonard John Fraser. Serial killer Leonard Fraser was suspected of killing at least five women over a 17 year period but took the complete truth about his life of crime to his grave. Fraser was convicted of the murders of three people, including a 9 year old girl and the manslaughter of another woman.
'A 16-year-old murder case must be reopened when the daughter of the convicted killer holds Col. Barnfather hostage. Pembleton and Bayliss investigate an elderly man whose wife died of drowning in the bathtub. Gee and the newly appointed Capt. Russert clash over the handling of the hostage situation. Bolander, Munch, Howard and Felton must go to the archives to find the records of the case. Lewis meets a strange homeless man who's witnessed the suicide of a man who committed the original murder and the detectives race to overturn the previous conviction. A new ''''old'''' bartender tries to convince Munch to go with the latest rage, microbreweries. Bolander and Lewis try to connect the suicide victim to the man on death row. 1995-04-14 17 In Search of Crimes Past 3
Jack Dougherty guestStars
Andrew Davies writers
2 The four members leave Perth and head off to a serene port city, Fremantle, by trying out public transportation from buses to trains as a true backpacker. Enjoying the getting-lost-free journey with ‘Map Seung Yoon’, the four young gentlemen dive in to the living of a West-Australian life. 2017-11-14 5 Living in West Australia
guestStars Christopher McCulloch
director John McNaughton
Robert Chew guestStars
guestStars Erik Ekstrand
Gustavo Rojo guestStars
Madison Wolfe guestStars
2 Baneling 2 2009-11-14 The quest for the Stone of Tears brings Richard, Kahlan, Zedd and Cara to a D’Haran prison, where the dead return from the underworld to prey on the living.
Akiyuki Shimbou directors
writers Robert Dillon
Carlin James guestStars
Catfish noodler, septic tank technician, worm castings rancher  0 Worm Dung Farmer 20 2003-11-14
Karen Bankhead guestStars
David Wolstencroft writers
1 'For the first time the complete story of one of Australia's most horrific serial murderers is finally revealed.  Almost twenty years ago in June 1987 a crazed gunman begins a journey which will take him thousands of kilometres across the vast Australian outback.The killer's journey will result in the murders of five innocent tourists, spark one of the biggest manhunts in Australian history and end in a bloody last stand shootout with police at a remote outpost deep in the rugged Kimberly ranges of Australia's north. Before it is over, thousands of residents living in communities scattered across the country's Top End will be terrorised.  10 The Kimberley Killer 2005-08-01
directors Akiyuki Shinbo
directors Bernard Girard
writers Jerry McNeely
Ceri Bethan guestStars
Amid turmoil in the home, Frank takes office. Foreign relations become entangled as Durant's team bungles a meeting. As foes negotiate to thwart her, Jackie maneuvers to strengthen her position. Lucas acquires new skills in order to pursue his secret investigation.  2 2 2014-02-14 Chapter 15
Mia Barron guestStars
2019-02-15 JJ’s love-match with Izzy becomes a cage match with Kenneth. Maya and Jimmy dismiss Valentine’s Day as a holiday for suckers until they find a way to profit from it. Unable to find a date to a prepaid romantic night out, Ray brings Dylan. J-I-- JIMMY V-A-L--VALENTINE 14 3
Michael Donovan actor
directors Na Young Seok
directors Andrew Merrifield
2 1961-04-17 The Serpent in the Garden 26
Rosanna Arquette guestStars
guestStars Stuart Gold
Gloria Vanderbilt guestStars
'When Richard Lewis finds out he needs a kidney transplant, he finds two friends who match him, leaving them to decide who ''gets'' to give up their organ. Lewis Needs a Kidney 2005-10-30 5 5
director James Foley
2007-07-10 10 Reptile handler 3 Snake Wrangler
Three different, but related families face trials and tribulations in their own uniquely comedic ways. Continuing Family Kruys 2015-03-29
Clark Johnson directors
The Kazoops family get lost in the middle of nowhere, but they soon discover a change of scenery can be as good as a holiday. 1 0 2017-07-31 Middle of Somewhere
James Tolkan guestStars
guestStars Stuart Stone
Docventures 2013-08-28 Continuing Documents about the surrounding world and Interesting conversation with experts about documentary subjects. Your hosts: Riku Rantala and Tunna Milonoff. Welcome to the journey!
Joel Schumacher director
directors Bill Purple
Mets Suber guestStars
Seth Silver guestStars
Daniel Sackheim directors
Dort Clark guestStars
directors George Bloomfield
2 0 A Story That Shouldn't Be Missed (2) 2017-03-19
Now fully human again, Koyomi is called by Hitagi for a date, as they spend some time together, Koyomi has a vision of Ougi. 2017-08-12 5 Hitagi Rendezvous - Part 1 3
director Akiyuki Shinbo
Francie Swift guestStars
Margo guestStars
Sanjeev Bhaskar writers
directors Cary Fukunaga
1 42 Fun Factory When Stan tells Monty and Jimmy Jones that it's time to leave the park, Monty wonders why fun things have to come to an end. 2017-05-02
guestStars Peggy Ann Garner
2 2 2002-04-14 Orrie Cather, one of Wolfe's operatives, has been secretly seeing a wealthy man's kept mistress at her secret love nest. He is arrested when she turns up dead. Death of a Doxy (2)
writers David Kemper
Gary Ballard guestStars
Stephen Xavier Lee guestStars
When Larry and Jerry Seinfeld get together to write the reunion show, they consider including Larry's latest experience, which involves a crying Jesus and a bare-midriff assistant. The Bare Midriff 7 6 2009-10-25
directors Danny Chun
directors David Mandel
1 19 On board schooner Tiki, Captain Troy hears the radio message from Lianne, a young woman held prisoner on Eden Island by a megalomaniac dictator called Zagreb. Isle of Eden 1960-02-22
guestStars Kayla Maisonet
The City That Bleeds 1995-01-27 12 Bolander, Munch, Howard and Felton all meet to serve a warrant, but Bolander, Howard and Felton are shot in an ambush. Pembleton becomes the primary in the investigation and is partnered with a detective who specializes in the psychology of their prime suspect: a pedophile. Stan's ex-partner Mitch Drummond offers his help. Kay's father and Beau's wife and the kids come to the hospital. A clerical error is discovered to be the cause of why the detectives went to the door marked 201, instead of 210. 3
directors Rob Cohen
Paul Boocock guestStars
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
director Jonathan Brough
2009-03-16 1 20 Episode 20 'Jandi becomes Junpyo’s personal maid and controls over Junpyo’s naughty behavior. While she was in Junpyo’s room to wake him up, Jaekyung and Junpyo’s mother enter the room and get shocked to see her. The mother wants to kick her out from the house immediately, but the head maid and Jaekyung intervene in. Seokyeong collapses at the clinic and Jandi takes him to Jihoo’s house. Jandi tries to reconcile the two and now they start to live under the same roof. Gaeul now knows that Eunjae was Yijung’s first love, and tries her best to bring them together.
The cricket and the saw 9 1
Kathryn Joosten guestStars
1 11 Episode 11 Jandi starts a part time job as a model on the cover of textbook, only to find out that she’s been deceived. In the dangerous moment, a mysterious man comes to the rescue of Jandi, and soon vanishes. The man turns out to be Jeha, a freshman at Shinhwa High School. Jandi and her purported fan, Jeha become friends. Unhappy with Jandi, who spends all her time working at her part-time job, Junpyo finally explodes at seeing Jandi on the magazine cover with model Haje. And Jandi finds the second “Red Card” in her locker. 2009-02-09
James Earl Jones guestStars
directors Tomoyuki Itamura
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
2 1 Episode 2 2009-01-06 Jandi gets Jihoo’s help when students attack her at the locker room. Jandi, cannot stand Junpyo’s smugness, goes to see Junpyo and kicks him right in the face. Rather than paying her back, Junpyo finds his curiosity from this girl who reminds him of his older sister, Junhee. After school finishes, unknown guards kidnap Jandi. She wakes up and notices the unbelievable things that are happening right in front of her eyes…
Larry competes with Rosie O’Donnell for the same woman, explores the nuances of Japanese bows, and refuses lunch with an LA acquaintance.  8 7 The Bi-Sexual 2011-08-21
writers Henry Bromell
guestStars Michael Harney
director Peter Medak
Sedona James guestStars
Jonathan Slavin guestStars
Hot Seat When SNC decides to keep Marisol in the Primetime seat, Mary Jane's tenacity will lead her to explore unconventional methods.... As Niecy's rift with Patrick continues, she'll reach out to her mother..... 5 2015-11-10 3
directors David Mandel
director Nick Wood
Michelle Forbes actor
writers Carrie Rosen
Crime Investigation Australia has conducted a major investigation which reveals the inside story of the Megan Kalajzich murder and the extraordinary Police investigation which will rock the Harbour City's elite to the core. We also detail the true horror of one of Australia's most ghastly crimes, the heartbreak and anguish faced by investigators and interviews with several of the last people to ever see Anna Kemp and her daughter Gracie alive. 1 Contract to Kill / The Mornington Monster 5 2005-08-01
directors Felix Feist
writers Jackson Publick
1 A trip to the hairdresser and a fabulous pair of shimmering golden hair tongs prompts Simon's decision to turn Kylie into Princess Diana. 2008-10-30 5 How I Got My Tongs
Shark 'Sebastian Stark, a charismatic, supremely self-confident defense attorney who, after a shocking outcome in one of his cases and a personal epiphany, brings his cutthroat tactics to the prosecutor's office as the head of the Los Angeles District Attorney's High Profile Crime Unit. A group of young prosecutors are about to have the learning experience of a lifetime because, though Stark is seeking to redeem himself, he has no intention of cooling his underhanded approach to cases just because he's now working for the ''good guys.'' 2006-09-21 Ended
Simmie Sangian guestStars
Larry Charles directors
Ria Lopez guestStars
directors Gerald Mayer
writers David Mandel
Aki Aleong guestStars
Valerie Bertinelli actor
writers Tom Fontana
Hugo Haas guestStars
Joel Schumacher directors
'In the Season 3 finale, Mary Jane agrees to go out with GG; and finds herself a topic on ''The Real'' in a segment on interracial dating. In other events, David's mom talks with Mary Jane; Kara has trouble at work; and Niecy has a run-in with the police. 2015-12-15 10 Some Things Are Black and White 3
Inger Stevens guestStars
director Tomoyuki Itamura
Rozwill Young guestStars
writers David Mandel
13 1
Li Andersson guestStars
Ron Mann directors
Steven Geray guestStars
Gabrielle Nevaeh Green guestStars
John Kassir actor
director Christine Gernon
The Wild Unknown 2 1 The tragic Greek myth of Actaeon, the Celtic Otherworld, the Kraken and the woods of Brothers Grimm. 2017-12-23
Jay Johnston guestStars
Charles Durning guestStars
Mayoi Jiangshi - Part 2 Realizing that he traveled to a day before Mayoi's death, Koyomi decides to save her and prevent that she becomes a ghost. While looking for directions, he and Shinobu meet a six year old Tsubasa who, suspicious of him, points them to the nearby police station where they learn Mayoi's address and return in the following day planning to guide her safely to her mother's house, but after hours of waiting, Mayoi's father appears and they learn from him that she had left home early in the morning. Koyomi manages to meet Mayoi at the same place where they first met, but after scaring her away, he saves her from being hit by a truck and his plan to prevent her death succeeds. However, after returning to the present, Koyomi realizes that his actions changed drastically the course of history as according to him, it led the world to its destruction.  7 2013-08-25 3
director Tom Fontana
director ?? ?
director Robert Florey
Andreas Kraemer guestStars
Agnes Moorehead guestStars
Linda Dano guestStars
director Rob Cohen
director Aleksi Bardy
V?clav Voska actor
guestStars Paul Meshejian
Keith Knight guestStars
Wayne Federman guestStars
writers Tim Doyle
Mia Barron guestStars
1 Monty wonders if being the best is the most important thing, when Gran encourages him to win a painting competition. 33 King of the City 2017-04-19
Ed Naha writers
writers Arika Lisanne Mittman
writers Kenneth Lin
writers Ken Kolb
2016-07-05 1 12 Flower Power Monty tries to get his family to play football with him, but they are all too busy doing flower-related activities. Monty starts to wonder if flowers are really as amazing as everyone seems to think they are.
Maria Canals guestStars
Akiyuki Shimbou director
Marty Moreau guestStars
Nancy Marchand guestStars
James Foley directors
writers Rick Cleveland
Shelley Desai guestStars
Fuyashi T? writers
Town Gathering 10 Erin, who has a reputation for making up stories, discovers that no one will believe her when she discovers that the people proposing a new business deal to her mother are actually aliens planning to make a meal out of the townsfolk. 1999-11-11 3
directors Henry Bromell
Isabella Hofmann actor
9 The city is hit with a mysterious blizzard that launches Team Venture into action. The Monarch and 21 are sent on a deadly mission to a secret island fortress. 7 The Forecast Manufacturer 2018-10-01
David Steinberg directors
James Hong guestStars
directors Na Young Seok
2 How I Got My Camp 2009-12-04 4 The Doonans plan a holiday abroad but a plumbing disaster spoils everything. Meanwhile across the road, Kylie's father meets his match in the form of a snarling dog called Madonna. Warning: contains Bette Midler impersonations and a replica Eiffel Tower.
David Janssen guestStars
director Tom Kramer
guestStars Sunny Keller
Simon Amstell guestStars
directors Bill Purple
director Chris Menaul
Marty Moreau guestStars
Chapter 32 2015-02-27 6 Frank and Claire travel to Moscow to negotiate the return of an imprisoned U.S. citizen. Claire takes a stand that jeopardizes their plans. 3
Harant Alianak guestStars
Christopher Thornton guestStars
directors Neasa Hardiman
Larry David directors
director Henry Bromell
2008-08-21 Destroyed in Seconds 'Can't get enough of the awesome spectacle of destruction? Well you're not alone. Few can ever get their fill of the mesmerizing power of savage forces wreaking havoc and devastation.In each episode of Destroyed in Seconds, our host, Ron Pitts, will bring you clip after clip of the most shocking destructions captured on film. From well-orchestrated implosions of massive structures, to rampaging tornadoes, catastrophic mid-air collisions and sudden terrorist attacks, no topic is too trivial or taboo for our show. Be they acts of nature or caused by man, this is much more than just a clip show. Destroyed in Seconds is not meant to just shock and entertain, but to explore the causes of mass destruction and how, when possible, families and communities bounce back from devastation. Don't miss a moment as Ron explores the cause and effect of catastrophe caught on tape! Ended
director Christine Gernon
Jeffry Perry Czerbinski guestStars
Mark Kunerth writers
David Steinberg directors
Michael O'Shea guestStars
writers Ben Edlund
Nina Hellman guestStars
2 The Weeping Woman 'Camille and Mildred from ''Fare Tonight'' return, this time, to investigate the sightings of a woman's ghost who haunts a local inn. 1994-10-08 7
2019-06-02 8 A man suspected of being Wire Shun, Fujiyama Koichi, is located at Club Blackhole. Although Kang Woo chases after him, Fujiyama gets away. Moreover, the police lose Jin Sik while he went to the bathroom. After inspecting the bathroom, Kang Woo suspects someone has kidnapped Jin Sik. Meanwhile, Cho Rong searches more about Fujiyama and comes across important information on Kang Woo. (Source: Viu) Someone Has Kidnapped Jin Sik 3
Michael Pena guestStars
Kevin Murray guestStars
Steven Dawn guestStars
1 2019-05-11 7 Young Jin makes it out alive and starts to be amicable towards Kim Won Bong. However, when she meets with Prosecutor Fukuda, she tells him that the Bureau of Judicial Affairs of the Joseon Government is after her and questions his sincerity. Later, she joins Won Bong and Seung Jin to meet with Yoo Tae Joon in Manchuria. A Ticking Time Bomb
Karly Rothenberg guestStars
Sami Kuusela guestStars
Ron Pitts actor
Stargate Atlantis 2004-07-16 'The story of Stargate Atlantis follows the cliffhanger episode on Stargate SG-1's seventh season finale ''Lost City'', where SG-1 found an outpost made by the race known as the Ancients in Antarctica. After the events of Stargate SG-1 season eight premiere ''New Order'', the Stargate Command sends an international team to investigate the outpost. Soon, Dr. Daniel Jackson discovers the location of the greatest city created by the Ancients, Atlantis. The story unfolds when the members of the expedition encounter the Wraith, the race that defeated the Ancients ten thousand years ago. Ended
Morgan Melton guestStars
0 31 The Substance 2013-10-30
Campbell Scott actor
Nancy Ashmawy actor
Nick Nervies guestStars
Robin Bartlett guestStars
10 2019-01-11 R-O-- ROLL M-O-- MODEL JJ challenges Maya’s mentoring tactics when she takes a father and his young son with special needs under her wing. Dylan and Ray attend a teen support group for all the wrong reasons. Meanwhile, Jimmy’s gorgeous new TV sets him on a journey for self-betterment. 3
Marcia Gay Harden guestStars
writers Julie Martin
guestStars John Mitchum
T. Ryder Smith guestStars
James Foley directors
writers Brian Alexander
2016-03-18 To Victoria Falls 5 4 In Etosha National Park, they enjoy a variety of activities such as Game Driving. They are impressed to see the Etosha pan, a large endorheic salt pan. To celebrate the last night in Namibia, Jae Hong makes Tomato Pasta and Bo Bum brings an exotic African alcoholic drink. On the next day, they finally get to the final destination, Zimbabwe, but it is already in the afternoon when Victoria Falls is closed before sunset. Will they be able to tour Victoria Falls before it is closed?
Ray Felton guestStars
Paul Haddad guestStars
Jeff Mandon guestStars
writers James Yoshimura
director Ed Bye
actor Raimund Wallisch
Jeon Soo-jin guestStars
About a Woman (3) with Pihla Viitala 2013-12-04 0 43
George Lopez guestStars
actor Zane Lamprey
Sui Yong Liang actor
2 Episode 5 5 1998-12-11
Billy Linders guestStars
writers Erin Maher
Jordan Orr guestStars
0 7 Four Horsemen 2013-09-04
Jessica Chapnik guestStars
Vincent tells Tom a ghost story about a Mountain Spirit In order to spook out his main competitor before the big ski race, but the spirit really exists and comes to torment Vincent for his deceptive ways. Competitive Spirit 5 1999-10-07 3
writers Matt Roller
David Hemblen guestStars
Ashly Holloway guestStars
In the midst of uncertainty, suspected Russian forces take over an American station in Antarctica. Meanwhile, a damaging news leak could hurt Frank. 2017-05-30 Chapter 58 6 5
2 1 Hitagi Crab - Part 2 2009-07-10 To overcome her problems, Hitagi has to face some difficult and painful memories from her past.
1 2013-02-11 16 Oscar Buzz Edition Part 1 Zach Galifianakis sits down with Jennifer Lawrence, Anne Hathaway, Christoph Waltz, Naomi Watts & Amy Adams who are getting all the buzz during this Oscar season.
Arthur Batanides guestStars
Jason Wingreen guestStars
Larry David writers
Per Eggers guestStars
Megan Suri guestStars
writers Tom Fontana
directors Nick Wood
Bria Blyther guestStars
writers Seth Kurland
The Better Man 2009-12-06 7 4 After seeing the OutRider, the man who stole his wife, pass through the Second World, Dr. Orpheus is determined to do the same. Meanwhile, Hank takes Dean to the mall to teach him how to talk to girls, and Triana has a life-altering discussion with The Master.
Lee Goldberg writers
Harant Alianak guestStars
Thomas K. Brooks guestStars
Mike helps out at a BBQ restaurant and gets to help clean out the smoker.  After that a trip to the farm to help out a big animal vet.  For his last job Mike gets to help dig a tank out of the ground. 1 Big Animal Vet 4 2008-01-08
Larry David writers
John Habberton guestStars
directors Alan Taylor
director Stuart McDonald
director Larry Williams
director David Mandel
Finale: Becoming Pauletta 2 2019-04-23 0 Mary Jane is standing in front of a mirror in a wedding dress and veil. Her mom Helen (Margaret Avery) enters the room and says, “Pauletta it’s time.” Who is she marrying?
Stephen Angus guestStars
Cynthia Martells guestStars
2016-03-07 It Happening One Night 6 Avant-garde supervillains try to arch Dr. Venture while Hank searches for love in a den of ninjas. 6
Louis Vittes writers
1 7
Steve Cumyn guestStars
1 1993-12-18 Ben and his friend Mike go for a joyride on Ben's father's new yacht and sink it, leaving the two stranded in the ocean until a phantom ship haunted by pirates comes to their rescue. Ghost Ship 14
actor Ann Marker
director David Kerr
Julie Simone Robb guestStars
director Keith Truesdell
directors Ed Sherin
John Panzarella guestStars
Rhonda R. Overby guestStars
George Dunn guestStars
Alec Berg directors
1 Young Jin Gets Released When Won Bong tries to help Young Jin escape from Matsurra, she refuses his help. Hyeok commits suicide and leaves Matsurra in disbelief. Later, Matsurra attempts to fabricate evidence to indict Young Jin but is stopped by Prosecutor Fukuda. Now free from Matsurra's hands, Young Jin decides to go to Shanghai. 2019-05-04 4
1 Super Rider III ~ Sponge Bridge II 2008-02-03 50
Nicky Gaudagni guestStars
guestStars Elizabeth Hanna
writers Anya Epstein
Amelia Bullmore writers
2 The Shrimp Incident Larry is labeled a misogynist when he believes an HBO Network executive took some shrimp from his meal, following a mistake in a delivery of Chinese food. 4 2001-10-14
Hanani Taylor guestStars
0 2013-10-23 Presenting document Queen of Versailles 26
actor Henry Slate
guestStars Lisa Darr
2 2008-06-26 On July 10 2001 Sef Gonzales murdered his sister Clodine 18; mother Mary Loiva Josephine 43, and his father Teddy 46, in their North Ryde home. He claimed that he had discovered the bodies when he arrived home, and that racist graffiti was sprayed on the wall. However as more evidence was unearthed, police started to see Sef as a very likely suspect. It was revealed that Sef attempted to cover up his academic failure by falsifying results, and when his parents found out they threatened to withdraw certain privileges such as the use of his car. At the same time, he had argued with his mother over a girlfriend she had disapproved of. These along with the desire to inherit the family's fortune were established as strong motives for Gonzales killing his parents and sister. The Gonzales Family Murders 5
writers William Rabkin
Misty Monroe guestStars
2017-03-05 1 All hell breaks loose when Kwon Joo recognizes Tae Gu's voice. A serious bus accident threatens the lives of many, including a pregnant woman and a child. The Birth of Satan (2) 14
23 The search for Georgia Rae and the war against her organization begin. Stivers, uncomfortable with the whole situation tells Gee about the Luther Mahoney shooting. Ballard and Gharty begin to deal with their recovery. A lead on Georgia Rae's whereabouts is uncovered. During the assault on the building, Georgia Rae's body is found and Bayliss takes a bullet that would have hit Pembleton. Gee asks Pembleton to get to heart of the Luther Mahoney shooting that started it all. Pembleton and Falsone start with Lewis and then they move onto Kellerman. The truth about the shooting comes out and Kellerman claims sole responsibility, Pembleton asks him for his badge. To protect Stivers and Lewis from prosecution, Kellerman resigns. Feeling remorse for the hesitation that caused Bayliss to take a bullet for him and with Gee's plans to cover-up the truth about the Luther Mahoney shooting, Pembleton decides it is time to resign. 6 Fallen Heroes (2) 1998-05-08
network
2009-04-28 F4 After Story 1 0 3
Frank Pugliese writers
Li Andersson guestStars
guestStars Chana Eden
2011-05-29 A thrilling crime drama exploring the personal and professional lives of two female detectives. Scott & Bailey Ended
writers Greg Gallant
Robin Laing actor
Anil Desai guestStars
Charles Parnell guestStars
James Pickens Jr. guestStars
Skip Homeier guestStars
Laurel Moglen guestStars
director Uli Edel
director Boris Sagal
directors Julie Martin
Robert B. Weide director
Bernard J. Tarver guestStars
director James Yoshimura
director Christine Gernon
1998-02-16 1 6 Episode 6 'Sketches:Arranged Shag,Ghost,Journo's Daughter - PM,Mr 'Everything Comes From India' - Famous people,Bharat Home Advert,Barbee Coopers,Mrs 'I Can Make it at Home' - Serotonin,Uncle Fixer - Directions,Journo's Daughter - India and Pakistan PM,Skipinder,Mr 'Everything Comes From India' - Shakespeare,Diwali Muffins,Mrs 'I Can Make it at Home' - Love,Mr 'Everything Comes From India' - Croceries,Guru - Jungle book,Journo's Daughter - Alien,We'd Do It All Again (song),Guru - Bollocks.
1 18 2016-12-22
0 2013-09-04 6 Special Guest: Heikki Patom?ki
network
Roger Robinson guestStars
Paul Lieber guestStars
Amy Aquino guestStars
2009-07-03 Araragi Koyomi is a third year high school student who is almost human again after having briefly become a vampire. One day, a classmate named Senjougahara Hitagi, who infamously never talks to anyone, falls down the stairs into Koyomi's arms. He discovers that Hitagi weighs next to nothing, in defiance of physics and common sense alike. Despite being threatened by her, Koyomi offers her help, and introduces her to Oshino Meme, a middle-aged homeless man who helped him stop being a vampire. Monogatari Ended
2 While investigating a murder that rocked the community of Ramsey, N.J., detectives use wiretaps, search warrants and computer forensics to probe the stormy marriage of a pharmaceutical executive and his wife. Pain Killer 2015-02-14 11
Tony Todd guestStars
Nobu McCarthy guestStars
guestStars Eva R?se
guestStars Tyler Miller
Laura Robbins guestStars
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Sasu Laukkonen guestStars
writers Nic Pizzolatto
Kathleen Scott guestStars
1 2014-09-15 Thailand Baz and Nancy sample the delights of Thailand, including an elephant ride and a spot of white-water rafting. A wince-inducing challenge is also on the cards 4
Lewis and Bayliss investigate a homicide at a boarding school. Gee goes to Frank's house to pick him up for a trip to the gun range. Kellerman wants the investigation into corruption in his old arson unit to move along, but he finds out that all the real guilty parties have made plea bargains. Frank's firearm test looked promising. The tiny little voice in Bayliss' head tells him that McPhee Broadman might be their suspect despite the fact that his mother is a powerful judge in Baltimore. A student comes forward and confesses to the student's killing; however, the detectives aren't convinced he alone was responsible. Frank passes the exam and can return to active duty, but as far as he is concerned the real test is in the box. 1996-11-22 8 5 The True Test
guestStars Anita Brown
director Juliet May
2 Karen Bee - Part 4 2012-01-28 Araragi tries to get Karen and Tsukihi to tell him about the incident, however they refuse and Tsubasa has to explain to him that while investigating Sengoku’s curse, Karen met up with Kaiki Deishuu and had something done to her. Later on, while in the bath, Shinobu suddenly comes out of Araragi’s shadow again and tells him that she recognizes that Karen has an oddity Oshino once told her about – the Wreathe-Fire Bee. The two end up reconciling, with Araragi realizing that if he has the lifespan of a vampire, Shinobu will be the only one left beside him after hundreds of years. 4
1 5 2016-12-09
Chip Chinery guestStars
guestStars Gil Santoscoy
Episode 4 2017-08-15 2 4
Episode 5.5 (Recap) 1 A recap of episodes 1-5 of Bakemonogatari.  0 2009-08-07
Boyd Banks guestStars
Aron Tager guestStars
10 Deadliest Catch Life is good for Gilbert and Brenda Dossett until a cancer diagnosis cripples the family's finances. But tensions really spike when Brenda allows their teenage daughter's new boyfriend to move in -- a decision that will prove tragic for everyone. 2016-03-19 3
1 2017-10-17 You're Never Too Old After he's teased at school, Monty worries that he is too old for cuddly toys and wonders if you can ever be too old to play. 62
directors Kevin Hooks
director Jesse Warn
Johnny Alonso guestStars
guestStars Kalle Wahlstr?m-Zackari
director Robert Kenner
guestStars John van Dreelen
director Robert Florey
director Tom Fontana
guestStars Charles W. Young
David Simon writers
Affirmative Action 1 9 2000-12-10 Larry gets himself in trouble, when he makes a racist-like comment to Richard's friend. Also, Larry inadvertently loses Cheryl's prescription note.
Monica Keena guestStars
actor Ted Danson
Beau Willimon writers
actor Sondi Sodsai
writers Jonathan Harvey
writers ????
0 Only Team Venture knows how to put the very real, life-threatening element of danger back into Halloween. A Very Venture Halloween 2012-10-28 4
directors Janus Metz Pedersen
guestStars Jennifer Lawrence
writers Raf Green
director China Moo-Young
9 1 The Whisper of the Devil (1) 2017-02-18 An accusatory post about Hyun Ho appears online. The Center receives multiple calls when a night club suddenly turns into a nightmare.
1998-04-03 18 6 Munch and Gharty probe the death of a high-school athlete who appeared to have everything going for him. Pembleton and Bayliss have only one lead to a potential suspect, a pager number; however, Bayliss has a plan that should lead to the apprehension of their suspect. Kellerman and Ballard get a case with a drug dealer that Kellerman is less than enthusiastic to work. The victim is one of Georgia Rae Mahoney's lieutenants and there are four other unsolved murders in the last two weeks where the victims were members of the Mahoney organization. Pembleton and Bayliss apprehend the wrong suspect, but the fact the suspect was trafficking 200 Kg of narcotics gets them a commendation. Meanwhile, using the information provided to him by Falsone, Lewis has had members of the Mahoney organization under surveillance. Is Lewis involved in these murders? Kellerman receives some good news for a change; passing a tape of his conversation with Judge Gibbons onto the FBI won't be necessary. The FBI is Full Court Press
writers Mike Sussman
directors Chris Martin-Jones
Chuck Jeffreys guestStars
Claire advises Donald Blythe on dealing with Petrov. Further investigations of Lucas Goodwin dredges up his accusations against Frank. 2016-03-04 Chapter 44 5 4
directors Na Young Seok
1980-05-14 1 5
John Vernon actor
directors Talal Derki
Zite' Bidanie guestStars
guestStars Burton Katz
Larry Charles directors
Sofia Milos guestStars
Anil Desai guestStars
Nina Hellman guestStars
Howard B. Silverman guestStars
directors Molly McGlynn
See the Venture Family as you’ve never seen them before: in a 15-minute documentary-style animated special. Follow the meteoric rise, the equally meteoric fall, and the decidedly un-meteor-like second coming of the most important band Hank Venture, Dermott Fitctel and H.E.L.P.eR. robot have ever been in: Shallow Gravy. If you’re hungry for rock, then open wide, because here comes a ladle of heavy metal fire and metaphoric meat drippings. 0 Ladle To The Grave: The Story of Shallow Gravy 2011-08-28 3
1 Gus is called for jury duty; Kris practices driving and is struck by another car. 1986-10-12 6 See You in Court
Robert Middleton guestStars
David Boykins guestStars
writers Tom Fontana
Peggy Yates guestStars
director Laura Shepherd
Doc uncovers a mysterious invention that could make or break Dean's college aspirations and The Monarch makes a bad first impression on Dr. Mrs. The Monarch's co-workers. 2016-02-15 6 Faking Miracles 3
directors Jorge Zamacona
Paul Dooley guestStars
network
guestStars Ann Westin
Lucinda Jenney guestStars
2 6 Barnacle 2009-04-01 Isabella Rossellini explores the special reproductive talents of the barnacle.
Carrot Top guestStars
writers Jonathan Harvey
H?uptling Cochise und die Cartwrights guestStars
Daniel Sackheim directors
Timothi-Jane Graham guestStars
writers Daniel Mainwaring
Ougi Dark - Part 1 Gaen assembles Koyomi, Shinobu, Mayoi and Yozuru and reveals that Ougi is the responsible for some of the previous ordeals they faced. 5 5 2017-08-13
Akiyuki Shimbou writers
writers Fred Freiberger
Larry Charles directors
2 0 Special Part 2 'The broadcasting station revealed on September 13 that they will air a special broadcast for the drama that consists of shortened versions of episodes one through eight, behind-the-scenes clips, and NG cuts.The second half will focus on episodes five through eight, as expected, focusing on the growing romance between the two leads as well as the thickening plot line. 2016-09-16
2 22 Who Is Sylvia? 1961-03-13
Ken Thorley guestStars
1996-10-18 Prison Riot A riot breaks out at the prison, where two inmates are killed. The squad goes to the scene, but Frank must still stay behind. Bayliss, Lewis, Kellerman and Howard interview the inmates; many of them have familiar faces. Frank works on his target practice. Bayliss thinks that one inmate really wanted to tell him something, so he puts together a deal to get the information. The inmate confesses to the murder and Bayliss doesn't believe him. Another riot breaks out and the truth is finally discovered. 5 3
2013-11-13 1 12 About Humanity with Roope Mokka
Timothy Wheeler guestStars
directors Jean de Segonzac
Nicky Gaudagni guestStars
Getting Schooled Mary Jane's new position as web correspondent fuels her rivalry with Justin as she pursues the story of a teen boy beaten for wearing a skirt. 2017-02-07 4 4
network KBS TV2
director Robin Wright
Rachael Harris guestStars
writers Jeff Schaffer
Boyd Banks guestStars
Danny Chun writers
writers James Yoshimura
directors Scott Aukerman
John Dahl director
writers Greg Gallant
Wendee Pratt guestStars
guestStars G. Lee Fleming
2019-03-29 Episode 5 5 3
Joanna Moore guestStars
2 Mike once again joins up with the guys of Taylor Shellfish Farms to help them harvest mussels. Next he goes to Hawaii to learn about harvesting taro. Finally, Mike joins a family of alpaca farmers and learns the hard way that alpacas can be pretty ill-willed animals when it comes to shearing them. Alpaca Shearer 2006-08-22 15
Richard Roundtree actor
Lindy Booth guestStars
Benjamin Patterson guestStars
director Michael Hurst
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
2001-07-01 1 Christmas Party Archie Goodwin is engaged to Margot Dickey, and attends a formal get-together with her on Christmas Eve. Present is a bartender in a Santa Claus outfit, who vanishes quietly shortly afterwards. 10
Joshua Oppenheimer directors
director Agnieszka Holland
Larry David director
guestStars Stephanie Romanov
1 1960-01-18 Nightmare on Napuka 15
2018-09-03 The Inamorata Consequence 7 The Venture family returns to their old compound where intrigue, danger, jackets, and diplomacy await. 5
8 Munch spreads his usual Christmas cheer. Russert, who misses detective work, joins Meldrick on an investigation into the murder of a material witness, when she discovers she knows something about the victim's case. Munch and Bolander investigate the death of a man in a Santa Claus suit and Munch spends the evening with whom they believe is the victim's son. Beau buys Christmas presents for the kids, although he still doesn't know where Beth and the kids are. Bayliss searches the station in search of a game of hearts. All Through the House 3 1994-12-16
director Christine Gernon
Munemasa Nakamoto writers
guestStars Gary Player
Nora Dunn guestStars
Lisa Yamanaka guestStars
directors Nick Wood
Bai Ling guestStars
Jason Kirkpatrick guestStars
Nikki Soohoo guestStars
Cherie W. Brackett guestStars
Kathleen York guestStars
Mia Barron guestStars
Toufuyashi writers
A widow with three children moves from Indiana to California to live with her father-in-law, her late husband's father. Our House (1986) 1986-09-01 Ended
director Janus Metz Pedersen
Kodjo Akolor guestStars
Jim Klock guestStars
2 Isabella Rossellini fills us in on the deep sea sexual antics of anglerfish. 2009-04-01 5 Anglerfish
1 1 CI delves into the twisted mind of one of Australia's most prolific serial murderers. John Wayne Glover, The Granny Killer, was truly an evil man. Glover's terrifying random attacks, targeting defenceless elderly women on Sydney's lower North Shore, would leave an indelible stain on the city. Hear the compelling story surrounding the hunt for the Granny Killer and his eventual arrest and trial. 2005-08-01 No More Grannies - The Granny Killer
Surprising Stan 1 Violet is planning a surprise getaway for Stan, but Monty struggles to keep it a secret. 67 2017-10-24
writers Noel Behn
writers Tom Fontana
Frank Pugliese writers
director Uli Edel
writers Elizabeth Beckwith
1 1993-02-10 'Crosetti lays out more theories on his Lincoln assassination conspiracy theory. Then Gee comes in with news that Crosetti's friend Chris Thormann has been shot. After they follow up on a new lead in the case that takes them nowhere, frustration begins to set in for Bayliss. Bolander meets his neighbor, a man who works with wood. One of his projects is a coffin. Together, they drink Stan's beer and discuss life, love, and etc.. Kay and Beau's suspect in a murder hired a hit man to kill a man she disagreed with about a bust of Spiro Agnew. Their case leads to a solution for Meldrick's case involving the ''''black widow.'''' Crosetti demands that he get the case to solve Chris' shooting. Stan meets Carol for their first date; however, they get interrupted when his neighbor is found dead. Gee talks with Bayliss about his frustration. Chris is going to survive, but what level he will recover to is yet to be determined. Son of a Gun 3
writers Sally Wainwright
2 Man Eater 1961-02-06 17
Jorge Garcia guestStars
directors David Kerr
director Neill Fearnley
1 About Music with Paleface 7 2013-10-09
Betsy Von Furstenburg guestStars
directors Peter Weller
1 Like A Pierrot III ~ Athletic Love 2008-02-03 25
director Barry Gordon
directors Christine Gernon
guestStars Marion Bennett
D. Keith Mano writers
2 The Doctor is Sin Dr. Venture learns that a life without an arch enemy is not fulfilling. 2008-06-08 3
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Mary Jo Randle actor
writers David Mandel
directors John McNaughton
guestStars Steven Pope
David Orrick McDearmon directors
writers Yukito Kizawa
actor Maaya Sakamoto
Antoinette Spolar-Levine guestStars
Michael Currie guestStars
writers A. Sanford Wolf
2 'Mike first goes to Sacramento, CA to help repair railroad tracks. Mike then heads to Louisiana to learn how to make ''boudin'' (Cajun sausage). Mike then cuts and fry's pig skins to make ''cracklin'' (pork rinds). Finally, Mike goes to Oklahoma and joins a skull cleaning business to learn how to clean skulls and bones using beetles and maggots, including a whale carcass. 10 2006-07-11 Skull Cleaner
Richard R. Salamanca guestStars
Nat Faxon guestStars
Russell Andrews guestStars
guestStars Michael Richards
Bonnie Webster guestStars
director Gerald Mayer
director Ted Demme
1 The Bamboo Curtain In Hong Kong, Adam is approached by a pretty goverment agent who wants him to help her with an assignment. 10 1959-12-14
The church asks that the public know the details of the murders. Pembleton has an interesting time in the box with a witness who has multiple personalities and is shown to be the killer, but before he can get a confession, her lawyer arrives and later she confesses on television. Pembleton begins to question his faith. Bayliss becomes a not-so-silent partner. Beau spends some time with his family and decides to end his relationship with Megan. Extreme Unction 1994-10-28 3 3
director David Mandel
Trisha Debski guestStars
writers Matt Roller
directors Bill Purple
directors Eyal Gordin
writers Ken Biller
Denise Morgan guestStars
actor Cedric Yarbrough
writers John Mankiewicz
1 How can a single mother with a history from the Norwegian house and party scene end up as Crown Princess? The story of His Royal Highness Crown Prince Haakon and Her Royal Highness Mette Marit is a true fairy tale, powered by the heart's ability to fall in love despite all challenges. Norwegian Monarchy, tradition and tolerance was tested to its limits, as Haakon and Mette Marit fought for acceptance from the government, the church and the Norwegian people. This investigative musical follows the Crown Prince and Princess from the party days to the fairy tale wedding. 7 2018-04-09 The Fairy Tale of the Prince and Princess
1 39 2008-02-03 Skeboarder ~ Muscle Gym ~ Like A Pierrot IV
writers John Kneubuhl
Getting Risky 8 Mary Jane and Justin go rogue to chase a story as Mary Jane frets about meeting Lee's baby momma. 4 2017-03-07
guestStars Sam Pancake
Doc Hammer guestStars
Fintan Meyler guestStars
Jackie R. Jacobson guestStars
writers Jay Simms
guestStars Michael Loomer
Dana Gourrier guestStars
Cole Massie guestStars
Fuyashi T? writers
Jackson Beals guestStars
7 Mike Rowe rolls up his sleeves and gets dirty with some of the dirtiest jobs in New York City. First Mike climbs to the top of a giant building to build a water tower and then he masters the art of elevator repair. Dirty Jobs of the Big Apple 2008-04-14 4
1 2013-05-13 Freddie has an important audition coming up whilst Ash frets over his own career direction. Freddie suggests that Ash pursues acting and teaches him the tricks of the trade. But, when Ash secures an acting role after just his first audition, Freddie is thrown into a state of depression. Meanwhile, Violet seeks advice from Freddie and Stuart on her sordid love affair with her Hungarian boyfriend.  Audition 3
2 'Even though Mike has worked with concrete before in Dallas, he visits concrete workers in California today to learn the art of concrete stamping.  Then he goes to New Orleans to care for penguins.  Finally, he gets in the mud to hunt bloodworms in Maine. 18 2006-12-05 Penguin Keeper
writers Nic Pizzolatto
director Chris Martin-Jones
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
writers Julie Martin
Adriohn Richardson guestStars
network Sky1
writers Gary Janetti
1 20 2008-02-03 Like A Pierrot III ~ Ottoto 9
director Bill Purple
writers A. Sanford Wolf
Nicholas Day guestStars
Parris Glendening guestStars
guestStars Nathaniel Moreau
Paul Morella guestStars
director Gilbert L. Kay
Paul Copley actor
Silas Cooper guestStars
Robert B. Weide director
Manuel Depina guestStars
12 Nadeko Medusa - Part 3 Nadeko awakens in the next day with Tsukihi, who had sneaken into Koyomi's bed with the intention of sleeping beside him, at her side. In the occasion, Tsukihi has Nadeko confess that she always was in love with her brother and realizes that the reason why she still harbors feelings for him it is because it makes easy for her to reject all other boys who ask her out, as she believes that having a proper relationship is too bothersome. Following that, Tsukihi then grabs a pair of scissors and cuts out Nadeko's bangs, claimimg that she is doing her a favour. Later at school, Nadeko's homeroom teacher keeps pressuring her to help him restore the mood along her classmates, but when she tries to ditch him out as usual, she realizes that without her bangs, her face is fully exposed, preventing her from hiding her true feelings and suddenly, she vents out her anger at him for pushing all his work on her and following that, she lashes out at her classmates for refusing to make amends with each other after the charms incident. After school, Kuchinawa reveals that Nadeko's sudden change of behavior is because his presence made her show her true feelings which she usually keeps repressed and claims that he discovered that what he wants Nadeko to seek for him is hidden in Koyomi's house. Nadeko then sneaks there and searches Koyomi's room until she finds a talisman and Kuchinawa, revealing that it is what he was looking for, asks her if she has any wish he could grant her as an act of gratitude. Nadeko then reveals that her wish is to have her feelings for Koyomi become requited, but Koyomi himself steps into the room and asserts that it is not possible.  2013-10-06 3
Peter Giles guestStars
Siatta Johnson directors
Stephen Kearin guestStars
directors Salim Akil
director Morag Fullarton
writers James Patrick Stoteraux
Larry David writers
director Anya Adams
Kathryn Kelley guestStars
director Juliet May
1 Public Relations 11 2004-01-25 When George Michael is rejected by a private school due to the family's reputation, Michael hires a publicist from his gym who he's been flirting with to change the public perspective of the Bluths. Meanwhile, Tobias is sent to Boston to reclaim his medical license.
director Daniel Kontur
Saul Rubinek guestStars
Dieter Lemmel directors
Jennifer Tollady guestStars
Boys Over Flowers (KR) 2009-01-05 Set at a famous high school for the super-wealthy, this is a puppy love story centered on a poor girl and the F4 gang of rich kids headed by the rough and fearless Goo Jun-pyo. Geum Jan-di (Goo Hye-sun) is a girl from a poor family but has an unrivaled sense of optimism and drive and is by chance admitted to a prestigious private high school. There she meets the infamous group of four astonishingly good looking and rich boys who are known as F4. The group's leader is Goo Jun-pyo (Lee Min-ho), who is a spoiled heir to world-leading conglomerate Shinhwa. He is joined by mysterious and breathlessly handsome Yoon Ji-hoo (Kim Hyun-joong), So Yi-jung (Kim Bum), and Song Woo-bin (Kim Joon). Their love story moves from Seoul to New Caledonia to Macau. Ended
2 2018-09-01 7 The Accomplices with the Star Coins Part Two 'Kang Woo passes out in the basement where a zombie attack was alleged to have taken place. His team members rescue him and tell him the ''zombie'' has attacked a taxi driver nearby. He also finds traces of a narcotic that is said to be a hallucinogenic zombie inducing drug and that the so-called “zombie” is heading to a nearby beach resort. Meanwhile, Center Director Kwon Jo receives an image showing Kang Woo as an accomplice in the murder of Na Hyung Joon that happened three years ago.
1 12 The President sends Frank to St. Louis to persuade Raymond Tusk into becoming the new Vice President. Zoe and Janine investigate Peter Russo's death. Chapter 12 2013-02-01
directors Tom Shankland
Sanjeev Bhaskar writers
James Foley directors
13 1 On the way to school, Koyomi finds Hachikuji in the middle of the street and assaults her in a teasing manner. Hachikuji panics and breaks his finger. Later after they calm down, Hachikuji tells Koyomi that she saw Shinobu at the donut store. Koyomi goes to the school bike rack and gets a text from Tsubasa, asking him to ditch school and come to the playground. He finds her there still in her pajamas and wearing a hat. They begin talking about her recent headaches and Koyomi persuades her to take her hat off. He finds out that she had grown cat ears. They agree to go to Oshino’s place. When they reach there, they find him crouching down, buring something in the dirt. Oshino asks them to come in and hits the side of Tsubasa’s head, knocking her out. Oshino tells Koyomi that she was already half cat. Tsubasa’s hair turns white, and the cat is revealed.  Tsubasa Cat - Part 3 2009-11-02
writers Christopher Kyle
James Tolkan directors
Tucker Gates directors
Sedona James guestStars
2 How I Got My Water Feature 98 Ground Force is at its height and Simon feels a desperate need for a water feature. Meanwhile, the women of Melody Crescent feel a desperate need to 'sloshercise' with hunky training instructor Tiger. Elaine Paige makes a stunning appearance in Simon's imagination. Warning: contains showtunes. 2009-11-27 3
1 Selfish Shauna, unwlling to share even her most neglected toys with he younger sister Katie, spitefully hides Sharon Sharalike, the new doll that they've just recieved.  But Shauna learns a lesson when she hears Sharon crying in the dead of night and comes to disover that the doll has mysteriously come to life. Sharon Sharalike 1999-09-09 3
About a Woman (4) with Virpi Suutari 0 2013-12-11 47
Gregory Michael Cooke guestStars
writers William Simpson
Alexandra Daddario guestStars
Rhonda Rene guestStars
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Michael Jaffe directors
director Akiyuki Shimbou
J-I-- JINGLE T-H-- THON 8 2018-12-14 A Christmas tree fire leads Maya to tell a small lie with big consequences. Meanwhile, Ray struggles to live in Pepper’s shadow as Dylan twists the knife, and JJ encourages Kenneth to stand up to his sisters. 3
directors Larry Williams
Akiyuki Shimbou directors
Larry David writers
2007-11-20 Creepy Slimy And Just Plain Weird 0 Mike Rowe looks back at some of the creepiest, slimiest and downright weirdest citizens on the animal kingdom. 14
2 2017-01-17 Mary Jane is pitted against her idol Ronda while Niecy tries to balance her life. Getting Naked 4
Judy McIntosh guestStars
2009-04-09 Parks and Recreation The series follows Leslie Knope, the deputy head of the Parks and Recreation department in the fictional town of Pawnee, Indiana. Knope takes on a project with a nurse named Ann to turn a construction pit into a park, while trying to mentor a bored college-aged intern. However, Leslie must fight through the bureaucrats, problem neighbors, and developers in order to make her dream a reality, all while with a camera crew recording her every gaff and mishap. Ended
writers Frank Pugliese
directors China Moo-Young
writers Peter Sauder
Na Young Seok directors
writers John Shiban
Dr. Venture decides to raise money by running a Day Camp for Boy Adventurers. Things don't go quite as planned when a giant ape gets loose, Action Johnny loses it, Sgt. Hatred arrives for an unscheduled bush burning, Hank gets a new friend who pushes Brock's buttons, and the Monarch sends the Moppets in to spy. 2008-06-29 5 3 The Buddy System
directors Robert Florey
writers Jeff Schaffer
writers Doc Hammer
Cady Huffman guestStars
network HBO
guestStars Lauren Tom
Jonathan Slavin guestStars
1 Silence for Stan When Stan is sick and resting in bed, Monty tries to find a quiet game to play, but wonders if all the best games are noisy. 2017-04-25 37
Aurielle Brimmer guestStars
director Alan Taylor
director James Foley
directors Bud Townsend
2014-09-10 1 A vulnerable young man is reported missing by his pub landlord boss. Syndicate 9 suspect Robin McKendrick may have been killed after a photo of him bound and gagged in a car boot appears online. However, the case takes an unusual turn when a body found in a flooded quarry turns out to be a woman's corpse. Meanwhile, battle-scarred from their conflict last year, Scott and Bailey are determined to move forward with honesty. The pair find themselves in front of the promotion board and pass with flying colours, leaving Gill with the task of choosing who stays on as sergeant at the department. Superficial 4
Laura Shepherd directors
director Henry Bromell
guestStars Rob Corddry
2016-12-05 Remi, Nobody's Boy
4 3
2 1 Matsurra forces the hospital to wake Hyeok up using epinephrine. When he gains consciousness, he tells them a female doctor who is a spy, code name Bluebird, will kill him. Later, Won Bong sneaks into the hospital at night and tries to finish Hyeok off, but Young Jin stops him. 2019-05-04 Kim Esther
writers Edward J. Lakso
Robert B. Weide directors
Ariana Molkara guestStars
writers Sally Wainwright
2000-03-31 6 Episode 6 3
Josef Leytes directors
network BBC Two
???? writers
1 2012-10-09 Frau Berner, Tschachs Nachbarin, verd?chtigt Ronnie, den Freund dessen Tochter, den Bank?berfall begangen zu haben. Dieser f?llt damit auf, pl?tzlich wieder Geld zu haben. B?rgermeister Gerri Tschach, der von allen Seiten wegen dem Wunderwald bedroht wird, wird von seiner Frau Herta verlassen. Zus?tzlich spitzt sich die Situation in der Bev?lkerung zu. Vatikankommissar Banyardi hat sein Priestergewand abgelegt. Silke weist ihn daraufhin zur?ck. Bei einer Volksversammlung erf?hrt Gerri Tschach, dass St. P?lten mit den Russen unter einer Decke steckt. Elfi und Gerri beschlie?en aufgrund der Erpressung, Richard von ihrer Aff?re zu erz?hlen. 5 Bauxi
Larry Charles directors
writers Tom Fontana
Kari Matchett guestStars
Vivica A. Fox actor
Christopher Thornton guestStars
directors Bill Purple
director Bill Purple
guestStars Stephen Bekassy
Stanford Whitmore writers
director Christine Gernon
directors Jesse Warn
network G4
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
director Andrew Merrifield
Rudolf Jugert directors
Adam Campbell guestStars
Richard Dallam guestStars
1 2019-07-06 Nam Ok hides in a small town. However, it's not long until he gets surrounded by Jongno Police with over 250 men. He soon gets flushed out but manages to find refuge in the bell tower of a church. With only one bullet left, he refuses to surrender. 38 The Last Bullet
director Doc Hammer
12 Bridge Painter 2007-08-07 Mike Rowe and the Dirty Jobs crew travels to Michigan to work with the Mackinac Bridge Authority on one of the world's largest suspension bridges. Mike goes to great lengths, and heights, braving 50 mile per hour winds while helping paint the bridge. 3
1 Chapter 7 7 2013-02-01 Frank helps Peter get ready for his governor race, but Peter is starting to have second thoughts. Doug tries to help a young hooker in trouble.
Amelia Bullmore writers
writers Matt Roller
director Salim Akil
director Michael Weaver
2 1 Episode 2 1998-01-19 'Sketches:Mrs 'I Can Make It At Home' - Italian,Six Million Rupee Man,Gay Son,Mrs 'I Can Make It At Home' - Cheese,Pet Cow Montage,Mrs 'I Can Make It At Home' - Casualty,Uncle Fixer - Holiday,I Know Him Too Well (song),Uncle Fixer - Money,Audition,Pet Cow - Cowflap,Uncle Fixer - Kidney transplant,Oprah Muffins,Uncle Fixer - Funeral,Rough Guide to the UK,Mrs 'I Can Make It At Home' on Masterchef.
writers Nic Pizzolatto
2013-09-11 8 0 Presenting document Grass
2 1994-11-05 11 A boy named Eddie is followed home by a troll after crossing a bridge. Now it's up to him and his friend Sheldon, who knows almost everything about monsters, to defeat the troll when it kidnaps Eddie's older brother. The Brothers Gruff
writers Sally Wainwright
director Paul Stanley
director Kenneth Fink
Doc Hammer guestStars
network ITV
writers Manny Coto
George E.M. Kelley guestStars
Madison Mae guestStars
0 2009-10-13 Words of Truth: A Conversation with Terry Goodkind 3
directors Mike Crunyescha
director George Bloomfield
Michael Angelo guestStars
Faith Potts guestStars
guestStars Jackie Harris
guestStars Joseph Wiseman
guestStars Conrad Janis
director Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Nisse Hallberg guestStars
Larry invents a clever ploy for getting his friends out of relationship jams; Larry upsets Funkhouser's new girlfriend. The Accidental Text on Purpose 9 2017-11-05 6
writers Mark Stein
directors Daniel Kontur
directors Tom Fontana
Ben Stiller guestStars
guestStars Jeff Rosenthal
'In ''A Little Body of Work,'' Eddie and Herman challenge Kevin to a race in the Mustang he's rebuilding.  The hoodlums go to great lengths to win the race, only to have their devious plan revealed by Kevin's Mustang. 1 A Little Body of Work 1993-10-09 5
director Larry Shaw
guestStars Emma Kidd
directors Bill Purple
directors Tom Fontana
John Fiske guestStars
1 2009-02-27 The Girls Who Knew Too Much 3 Sallie-Anne Huckstepp and Juanita Nielsen were iconic figures in the shadowy King’s Cross scene of the 1970s and 1980s. They lived dangerous lives – challenging the status quo of the period and met with mysterious and violent deaths. Neither murder has been solved officially, but many decades later, the intrigue of both cases still scratches at the heart and psyche of the Harbour City.  Can a credible witness with new information, may finally help solve one of Australia’s most enduring mysteries.
'Kahlan and Richard respond to a letter from the leader of the resistance asking for help, members of the resistance have been dying by ''accident'' around him.Meanwhile Zedd goes to visit his family to pick up an object he needs. 1 Confession 11 2009-01-31
46 Bamboo Derby III ~ Sponge Bridge II 1 2008-02-03
Martin Campbell directors
1 Episode 1 2000-02-25 3
directors Felix Feist
Robert Bockstael guestStars
Robert B. Weide directors
director Claude Nuridsany
2010-10-11 1 11 Zach sits down with Bruce Willis; one of the stars of the new movie Red, to talk about the 80s and some of the prestigious awards he has been awarded. Bruce Willis
Alec Berg writers
Venla M?ntysalo guestStars
Build My Gallows Low 1962-02-18 20 3
2 6 Episode 6 2018-04-13
'A slightly intoxicated man (driving with his wife) aggressively whips his car around a state-owned truck; the offended truck driver rams their car; their aggression results in a collision where both drivers die. The man's wife is in serious condition. Kellerman and Munch investigate this case. Falsone gets prepared for the final hearing in his bid for custody of his son. Meanwhile, the other detectives investigate the death of a man who made a mobile phone call from the coffin in which he had been buried alive. The coffin was buried in the parade ground of an old spy school. The victim might have remained alive if the lid hadn't been sabotaged to collapse. In the car / truck collision case, Cox's boss wants her to ''''verify'''' the results of the car driver's blood alcohol level to help protect the state from serious litigation. An old Russian friend of Gee's furnishes them with information that leads the detectives to the discovery of a group of men who couldn't make it as spies. (They cal 6 Lies and Other Truths 1998-03-06 14
writers Yaphet Kotto
guestStars Ralph Tabakin
directors Tomoyuki Itamura
director Dieter Lemmel
guestStars Ivan Scott
Timothy Hutton directors
Larry David writers
Bob Lau guestStars
Hazelle Goodman guestStars
Nathan Lane guestStars
1 34 2019-06-29 Young Jin leaves Hiroshi saying goodbye, however, when he goes after her as she leaves the house, Won Bong shoots him in the arm. When he goes to the hospital to get treated, Hiroshi finds out that Dr. Ishida had told Matsuura and Fukuda about the poison he found in the bottle. Meanwhile, Won Bong, Nam Ok, and Majar scout out the Jongno Police Station, and Hiroshi asks to see Matsuura. The Goodbye
Christopher Dark guestStars
Gerard Ender guestStars
Aleksi Neuvonen guestStars
2007-10-14 A toaster makes life tough for Loretta and Leon; Larry gets to know an exterminator. 6 6 The Rat Dog
Peter Thompson guestStars
director Christine Gernon
1 11 2016-12-15
R.D. Reid guestStars
The Surrogate Larry decides to buy a surrogate mother a gift, but it backfires.  He tries (and fails) to pass a routine physical and uses it as an advantage. 2004-02-22 7 4
2 2009-11-07 Marked 1 Richard inadvertently opens an entry to the underworld, unleashing a terrible evil.
2 2 A murder arranged by devoted Texas mother Dora Cisneros, who in 1993 hired a gunman through fortuneteller Maria Martinez to kill 18-year-old Joey Fischer, the former boyfriend who had spurned her daughter 2014-12-13 Texas Black Magic
Mr Bigs 'Lennie McPherson controlled most of Sydney's organised crime activity for several decades, with his associate George Freeman. Lenny was born in the inner-Sydney suburb of Balmain in 1921, the tenth child of metalworker William McPherson and his wife Nellie. He had some schooling at Birchgrove Primary School and his first brush with the law came at the age of 11 when he was convicted of stealing. Eighteen months later he was convicted on two charges of stealing and sent to a detention centre where he was bashed and raped. He went on to a life of serious crime and was universally feared by his adversaries and often referred to as Sydney's ‘Mr Big’ of organised crime, protected by police who relied on his information to control the Sydney underworld. McPherson had been estranged from his mother for many years, but on her 70th birthday, he unexpectedly turned up at her flat, carrying a live rabbit. He demanded to know why he had not been invited to her birthday party, and when she admitted that it was because of his criminal activities, the furious McPherson tore the rabbit's head off, threw the still-twitching body at her feet and stormed off. He died of a heart attack in Cessnock Gaol in 1996, aged 75.George Freeman was king of Sydney’s SP bookies, and was involved with McPherson in massive money laundering operations on Sydney race tracks and the corruption of Sydney chief magistrate Murray Farquar. During the 1970s George Freeman, was shot with a .22 pistol. but survived, and less than six weeks later the man suspected of the shooting was himself shot dead in the driveway of his Coogee home. Freeman, who was holidaying in Noosa at the time, refused to answer questions on the matter. 7 2010-12-21 4
guestStars Dan Ziskie
Sixx Orange guestStars
2 0 2009-10-13 Forging a Sword: Crafting a Legend
writers Doc Hammer
guestStars Eric Stoltz
director Laura Shepherd
Jan Tilman Kiwe writers
2011-01-24 Extreme Archaeology Ended
guestStars Fredrik Svensson
writers Jonathan Harvey
Ainslie Pryor guestStars
Kenneth W. Watts guestStars
Caroline Jones guestStars
guestStars Sue Gilad
Emma Knyckare guestStars
1 Identity 7 2008-12-06 Visions of the Seeker's death prompt a sorceress named Shota to temporarily exchange Richard's identity with that of a merchant's son.
Meyer Dolinsky writers
guestStars Dana Snyder
directors Bryan Gordon
writers Tom Fontana
Marin Hinkle guestStars
directors Paul Stanley
Cyberberian Sexpress 1 8
2 1964-09-24 3
guestStars Alo J?riloo
director Paul Walker
Rachel McAdams actor
writers Jeff Schaffer
actor Ahn Nae-sang
Viden om 1999-01-05 Ended
Philicia Saunders guestStars
J.K. Simmons guestStars
'Adam Troy was an American Korean War veteran who stayed in the Pacific after the war. As captain of the schooner ''Tiki III'', Troy drifted from adventure to adventure while carrying passengers and cargo anywhere from Hong Kong to Pitcairn Island. His original partner was Chinese-American Oliver Lee, and he was assisted by first mates Clay Baker and later Chris Parker.  1959-10-05 Adventures in Paradise Ended
guestStars Barbara Stuart
Kim Joon actor
writers Thelma Schnee
Boyd Banks guestStars
Norman Aronovic guestStars
Larry David writers
Once There Was a Princess 1962-01-14 15 3
Liam Redmond guestStars
'The semi-nude body of a man is found in a dumpster outside of a restaurant. Bayliss returns Cox a pair of her earrings that she'd left at his place the night before. Disturbed by him doing that in public and while at a crime scene, she suggests they take some time off, instead they decide to break it off. The owners of the restaurant thinks that this murder might be tied to another murder (one that Munch is working). Lewis confronts Kellerman about the Mahoney videotape and the need to let Stivers know that she is also ''''in the soup.'''' Lewis tells Stivers about the videotape, so she demands a meeting with Kellerman. Falsone confronts his ex-wife about getting to see his son more often; however, they argue and he plans to pursue getting joint custody. Kellerman decides that he will try to force Georgia Rae's hand, since he doesn't plan on doing anything corrupt for her anyway. Kellerman tells Georgia Rae that she can do whatever she wants with the videotape, he doesn't care. Bayliss decid 9 Closet Cases 1998-01-02 6
1 8 Linda Henning has met the man of her dreams-Dr. Diazien Hossencofft. But the good doctor is in the middle of a bitter divorce, and he says his estranged wife threatentens his new romance. This isn't a love story wtih a fairy tale ending. 2013-12-21 Killer Alien
Robert B. Weide director
Hans Kramm guestStars
director Tom Fontana
2012-04-25 1 Lupin the Third has declared that he will steal the mask of a famous opera singer. Inspector Zenigata takes note of this challenge, and decides to personally attend the singer's next performance. Living in Song, Living in Love 4
director Don Medford
Agnieszka Holland directors
guestStars Regan Burns
guestStars Ken Kramer
guestStars Jayne Meadows
2 1 Episode 1 2018-03-09
Tessie Santiago guestStars
Tim Russert guestStars
Sludge Cleaner 1 2005-08-30 6 Mike Rowe gets dirty as he works with surfboard shaper Matt Barker. Mike masters the art of shaping a surfboard from Styrofoam. And Mike goes underground into a greasy pit of sludge as he joins an environmental company that recycles the gunky grime.
Tony Lo Bianco guestStars
writers Tom Fontana
director Tomoyuki Itamura
Meet the Blacks 1 The Davids take in a family whose life was destroyed by a hurricane; Larry comes up with a way to avoid going to parties he has no desire to attend 2007-09-09 6
2 Two tickets to the premiere of “Star Wars: The Last Jedi” promise a glorious night for JJ and Ray … until JJ’s pulled to the dark side by a pretty classmate who hopes to take Ray’s ticket. Back at home, Maya, Jimmy and Dylan enjoy a rare night at home without the boys.  Meanwhile, Kenneth’s secret after-hours hangout at Lafayette is compromised when Dr. Miller discovers his late-night escapades. S-T-- STAR W-- WARS W-- WARS 9 2017-12-06
directors Vikram Gandhi.
Henry Silva guestStars
Roxann Dawson director
directors Helmuth Ashley
guestStars Jeremiah Mickens
Kari Matchett guestStars
2 8 2017-08-22 Episode 8
2 'Painter and docker, Les Kane was described by his widow, Judi, as ''the most violent man in Australia''. Les came to prominence when he declared war on the armed robber Ray Chuck, the mastermind of what is known as the Great Bookie Robbery in 1976. But Chuck struck first. Les was machine-gunned by Chuck, within a few feet of his horrified wife and children in their Wantirna home and his body removed and never found. Les’s older brother, Brian Kane, was once Melbourne's top standover man, before he was gunned down in the Quarry Hotel in Brunswick in November, 1982. Mourners at his funeral included the entire Moran clan. Kane's niece Trish later married Jason Moran, who was shot dead with Pasquale Barbaro in 2004. Judi Kane today speaks of how she fell for a man whose cocky self-assurance hid a psychopathic streak. By the time she realised they would never live happily ever after, she was in too deep.Billy Longley is a veteran of the waterside crime war that gripped Melbourne and Sydney finally ended in the early 1980s, it was a war that led to at least 40 people being murdered. Longley, one of the most feared men on the docks, was known as ''The Texan'' because he wore a Stetson and carried a Colt .45. He was a Painters and Dockers Union presidential candidate and the leader of a union faction at war with his rival, Pat Shannon. In 1970, Longley was convicted in connection with Australia's biggest armed robbery to that time, the Mayne Nicholas heist in the Sydney suburb of Guildford, which netted $587,870. He disappeared in 1973 and a few months later Pat Shannon was gunned down in a South Melbourne's Hotel. Longley, Kevin James Taylor, Gary Leslie Harding were convicted of Shannon's manslaughter. . Now aged 83 Longley lives quietly in suburban Melbourne, he goes ballroom dancing and counsels school children against getting involved in violence. Dockers & Death 2010-11-16 4
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Peggy Yates guestStars
Brighton Sharbino guestStars
2 Starfish 2009-04-01 Isabella Rossellini on the reproductive miracles of starfish. 3
Dick O'Neill guestStars
guestStars Liz Cackowski
Having rediscovered the room on the second floor of the ruined house, Koyomi tells Ougi of the events that happened there five years earlier. Sodachi Riddle - Part 2 2015-10-18 4 3
Toufuyashi writers
Tim Kazurinsky guestStars
2017-10-16 1 Monty and Jimmy Jones embark on a musical journey to discover all the different ways music can make you feel. Music Power 61
guestStars Jennifer Mendenhall
directors Tom Fontana
Timothy Hutton directors
2 13 Treasure Hunt 1961-01-09
Beau Willimon writers
Cole Massie guestStars
Requiem for Adena 16 1996-03-29 4 A young girl is murdered, in a style similar to Adena Watson's murder. Frank demands to work the case alone as Bayliss begins to think that the two crimes might be related. Bayliss' obsession with trying to get this case solved and linked to Adena's murder causes the two of them to clash. Howard learns that Brodie has a crush on her and tells him she doesn't like the joke that's being pulled-- only problem there is that it's the truth.
Pomp & Circuitry 2010-09-19 Hank and Dean graduate from their education beds, and look into college. Hank rebels and tries to join Sphinx. Meanwhile, Phantom Limb breaks out of the Guild's dungeons and seeks revenge once more.  10 4
Joel Kinnaman actor
guestStars Christopher McCulloch
1 The disappearance of a young Arkansas boy and his sister in 1980 triggers vivid memories and enduring questions for retired detective Wayne Hays, who worked the case 35 years ago with his then-partner Roland West. What started as a routine case becomes a long journey to dissect the crime and make sense of it. The Great War and Modern Memory 2019-01-13 3
Bruce Gordon guestStars
director Kenneth Fink
0 4 Series 1 Outtakes and Bloopers
'''Stark Raving Mad'' centered on eccentric horror author Ian Stark (Tony Shalhoub, Wings, Monk) whose first novel, Below Ground, turned him into an overnight sensation. A practical-joker by nature, Ian spent the bulk of his time harassing his uptight new editor, Henry McNeely (Neil Patrick Harris, Doogie Howser, How I Met Your Mother). Sharing Ian's loft apartment were Jake Donovan (Eddie McClintock, Crumbs, AUSA, Holding the Baby), his mindless assistant, and lovable but horny mutt Edgar. Living across the hall was Maddie Keller (Heather Paige Kent, That's Life, Jenny), who tended bar downstairs in the pub that the gang frequented. Henry's snobby girlfriend, Tess Faraday (Dorie Barton, The Adventures of A.R.K.) spent a lot of time hanging out with Henry's new friends, though she resented them for taking up so much of Henry's time. Also seen from time-to-time were Audrey Radford (Harriet Sansom Harris, 5 Mrs. Buchanans, Frasier, Desperate Housewives), Henry's snooty boss who discovered (and lusted after) Ian, and her closeted husband Caesar (Chris Sarandon, Fright Night, Child's Play). 1999-09-23 Stark Raving Mad Ended
Dave Trovato guestStars
13 1 About Independence with Roope Mokka and Susanna Kuparinen 2013-12-06
Robert B. Weide directors
directors Charles Rondeau
Richard Robichaux guestStars
guestStars Anisha Adusumilli
guestStars Becky Woodley
directors ?? ????????????????
Miyuki Sawashiro actor
Michel Gill actor
Bill Stevenson guestStars
Lance Lim guestStars
Phillip Geoffrey Hough guestStars
writers Anya Epstein
1 7 Kn?z, nebo kupec! Franti?ek st?le pracuje pro otce. Ten nechce o jeho dal??m studiu sly?et – pouze kdyby se Franti?ek stal kn?zem, co? on nechce. Otec ho u? pov??uje i obchodem, Franti?ek m? odjet do Kr?l?k. Ten toho chce vyu??t a dostat se odtud tajn? do Prahy. Potk? zde ale chud? ko?ovn? herce – jsou tu i Butteauovi a Th?m. Ten se o?enil s Paulou, kter? se narodil chlape?ek, bohu?el ale zanedlouho zem?e. Paule se vr?tila ?e?. Th?m vymlouv? Franti?kovi jeho ?mysl jet do Prahy.
writers James Stoteraux
2009-09-20 1 7 Funkhouser's Crazy Sister Larry attempts a pre-emptive breakup with an ailing Loretta, and learns with Jeff that you can’t make an “empty gesture” to a Funkhouser.
Cesare Danova guestStars
Michael Rapaport guestStars
1 1 Episode 1 2017-03-10
Anya Adams director
Brian Tarantina guestStars
Stanley DeSantis guestStars
Charles Pendleton guestStars
Kenneth Fink directors
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
J.D. Evermore guestStars
Mary Joy guestStars
6 Uganda 2016-10-31 Baz and the mammies head to Uganda, where they join a police K-9 unit, battle the white water of the Nile rapids and learn how to be local bus drivers. 3
guestStars Julie Payne
writers Jorge Zamacona
guestStars Peter Cox
Director: Yoshio Takeuchi actor
2 Things begin to heat up between Pembleton and Gee over the alleged police brutality case and one of the suspects is an ex-lover of Kay's. Bolander meets a waitress who encourages him to resume his cello playing. Munch's girlfriend is less than enthusiastic when he surprises her with a new fish for her tank. Frank, in the box, gets the confession that Gee is looking for. Unfortunately, the suspect is anything but guilty of that crime. 1994-01-20 Black and Blue 3
Peggy Yates guestStars
directors Lee Shallat-Chemel
Kim Hunter guestStars
Pete Philopolous guestStars
actor Lim Ju-Hwan
director Martin Campbell
Dyana Ortelli guestStars
2012-12-31 0 Koyomi Araragi begins the day by being rudely awoken by his sister, Tsukihi. He decides to discuss love with her, asking how one can tell if they are in love or not. It turns out that recently, he can't stop thinking about his classmate, Hanekawa Tsubasa. Later, he runs into Hanekawa, who reveals a shocking fact which he may not tell anyone else about. Tsubasa Family - Part 1 3
35 1 Skeboarder ~ Bamboo Derby II 2008-02-03
Geoffrey I. Gissett guestStars
directors Bill Purple
guestStars Raina Scott
2 18 2017-09-11 Episode 18
Charles Horvath guestStars
directors Cary Fukunaga
director Bill Purple
Supernatural 'The story revolves around two brothers, Sam and Dean Winchester as they follow their father's footsteps, hunting down evil supernatural creatures such as monsters, demons, and even fallen gods while trying to save innocent people along the way. Continuing the ''family business'' after their father's death, the brothers soon discovered that the ''hunt'' doesn't just involve slashing and hacking monsters and demons but also dealing with more powerful creatures such as angels, reapers, and even Death. Continuing 2005-09-13
Ava Lenet guestStars
Tim Hanks guestStars
guestStars Marilyn Child
directors Tomoyuki Itamura
Howard Jerome guestStars
actor Jeff Garlin
writers John Kneubuhl
Jonathan Slavin guestStars
Amelia Bullmore writers
director Albert Maysles
writers Sally Wainwright
Cleo Reginald Pizana guestStars
2 8 1960-11-28 One Little Pearl
actor Richard Lewis
I've Got a Secret 1996-02-02 11 Lewis and Kellerman try to subdue a large man who's gone on a rampage. The large man is finally subdued and they find him digging up his mother. This case brings out some information about Meldrick's family, and he tries to see his brother, who doesn't want to see him. Kay tries to keep the identity of her new boyfriend a secret, mainly from John, which drives him crazy. Pembleton and Bayliss investigate the death of a man whose body is found in a car. Scheiner says he died from internal bleeding, not the gunshot wound to the groin he was treated for at an emergency room earlier that day. They discover that the doctor may have had a motive for doing a less than adequate job treating her patient. 4
Sarah Chalke guestStars
Ator Tamras guestStars
directors Tomoyuki Itamura
writers Tom Fontana
Mark Beesley directors
guestStars Richard Pelzman
Lisa Hammer guestStars
Rick Warner guestStars
1966-07-15 5 4
guestStars Joan Strueber
2 1 Ski Cats 'In an effort to rescue the world's ultra-elite supermodels, The Agents check into Ski Lift, a remote Swiss resort, specializing in ''intense body pampering for world class glamour freaks.'' Once inside the spa, The Agents must overcome the evil Contessa's killer beauty treatments and stop her from establishing a fascistic fashion dictatorship.
writers John W. McGreevey
director Salim Akil
1 S-U-R-- SURPRISE 'Maya plans to throw a ''surprise party'' for Dylan, but Dylan would rather she didn't. Ray and JJ shop for a birthday present and have an adventure. 17 2017-03-08
Marin Hinkle guestStars
Constance Ford guestStars
writers Lee Warburton
2 0 F4 Talk Show Special 2009-03-02
Jon Hamm guestStars
Oscar Nunez guestStars
2 1 Kame of Isbister, Shetland Islands
2 'Ace is busy dressing for Mona's birthday party when a call comes in. It's Mona and she asks him to come one hour earlier because she has something tell him. While on his way, he is attacked by poisonous dart and gets wet by the rain (it happened all of a sudden). He arrives at the Croesus Palace, very wet and still drugged. Cosmo asks him what happened because Ace left before Cosmo and arrived late, but before Ace can answer, Mona walks on the stage. She annouces her marriage to a professor named Max Malden. Blackjack is relieved because it means she is no longer with Ace, but Ace is jealous. He can't believe, he doesn't want to. He tries to talk to Mona, but Spade and Diamond get in his way. He passes them with magic...only to learn that Mona is no longer in her dressing room. Mona and the professor were having an interview at the SensaNews. ''''It was 'magical''''' Mona says. Ace turns off the TV and stomps out of the living room, Cosmo tells him that he has to accept it. It turns out that 10 Best Wishes And Happiness
As the sun returned its water to the small puppy 2 1
guestStars Per Andersson
guestStars Liz Cackowski
22 'Kaiki learns from Tsubasa that strange phenomena have been happening in the town even before Shinobu arrived and because of that, Gaen was intending to have her become the new god of the Polar Shrine. However, because of Koyomi's interference, her plans have failed and Nadeko turned into a god instead. Tsubasa believes that Nadeko actually does not care about anything or anybody at all, and most likely doesn't really love ''Big Brother Koyomi'', thus the reason for her behavior. She is also worried if Kaiki is able to pull off the scam. On the occasion, Tsubasa asks Kaiki if Oshino has any relatives like a niece and he affirms that just like him, Oshino does not have a family at all, including siblings or such, making the existence of Oshino Ougi very suspicious. Through the following days, Kaiki keeps visiting Nadeko to play with her and bring her presents until the day of Koyomi and Hitagi's graduation finally arrives. After having a final conversation with Hitagi by phone, during which she demands him to never set foot in the city again once the job is done, Kaiki has a short meeting with Yotsugi on the way to the shrine. She repeats her warning and claims Kaiki won't be able to deceive Nadeko. On the occasion, it is revealed that Kaiki used his wits to bring down a cult that was deceiving Hitagi's mother but that ultimately led her to join another cult instead and for Hitagi's sake, he had her mother divorce and leave her family. Upon meeting Nadeko at the shrine, Kaiki attempts to deceive her as planned by claiming that Koyomi, Hitagi and Shinobu were killed in a traffic accident in the previous night, however, she instantly recognizes the lie.  2013-12-22 Hitagi End - Part 5 3
1 T-H-A-- THANKSGIVING 7 2016-11-16 The DiMeos are forced to celebrate Thanksgiving with Jimmy's brother and family.
Robert B. Weide director
2013-06-30 O.S.I. Love You The OSI manage to capture Monstroso and Molotov. But things go horribly wrong and afterward Internal Affairs tries to work out what really happened. 5 5
Stephanie Escajeda guestStars
Maya struggles as Kenneth takes over as JJ’s full-time aide. Loving his new freedom, JJ avoids attending a physical therapy appointment, and Maya automatically blames Kenneth, using any excuse to confirm her misgivings and moves to fire him. Meanwhile, Jimmy struggles to teach Dylan the family way to not be so neighborly. 2 1 2016-09-28 N-E-NEW A-I-AIDE
Donald Neal guestStars
writers Doc Hammer
directors Claire Scanlon
Alik Sakharov directors
2 Mushroom Farmer Mushroom farmer, storm drain cleaner, drain cover foundry 2006-03-07 4
Susan Allenbach guestStars
Christine Taylor guestStars
Joel Schumacher directors
Patrick Bristow guestStars
John C. Hansen guestStars
Lili Simmons guestStars
Erin Moriarty guestStars
writers Matt Roller
writers John Mankiewicz
The King is agitated regarding the palace situation and he is hastening the marriage of crown prince in order to show strong force of the royal family.  1 Like a Fairy Tale 2016-09-20 10
David Attenborough writers
The Pit of Silence 1959-10-05 1 1 Captain Troy has to pick up the Baron Andre, and soon discovers the Baron's body half eaten by a savage beast. Troy  rules out accidental death and searchs for  the murderer.
1993-03-17 1 7 And the Rockets Dead Glare A Chinese political refugee is murdered. Bolander and Munch investigate a murder of a man whose body is found in the park. Lewis and Crosetti go to the Chinese Embassy in Washington while looking into the murder of the Chinese political refugee. After they leave, a U.S. government official tells them to back off. Gee is looking for Pembleton because Pembleton may be up for a promotion. Howard nearly botches her testimony against the drug dealer. Pembleton is up for a promotion that he may not want.
Larry David writers
Danny Chun writers
2 2018-08-18 Time For Judgement Kang Woo runs into Kang Min Soo, the culprit he believes is the serial killer from three years ago but loses him. Soon after, Kang Woo who is now the team leader for the Golden Time Team’s Dispatch Team is called to neutralize a situation where a father of a sexually assaulted daughter holds a knife to her molester. However, Yeom Gi Tae, the molester, is set free only to have another scheme up his sleeve. 3
Beau Willimon writers
Ben Falcone guestStars
1 A Sheep In Wolf's Clothing 18 'Ace Cooper was on his way home when he nearly runs over a stampe of escaped zoo animals. Later, Vega explains about the Wolves Company, a group of young eco-terrorist who are completely against everything ecologically wrong. Cosmo hangs out with his buddies at the video game arcade when he discovers a strang symbol in Ulene's notebook. Back at the Magic Express, Ace is determined to discover who made up the Wolves Company team before the police do, since they take the problem more seriously than the group really knows. The group's ''''mentor'''' wants them to create a stir at the Surge Consortium with a supported ''''fake bomb''''. At the consortium, Ace and Cosmo keep a lookout when Ace spoted two maintenance workers doing something unusual. He discovers the bomb while Cosmo goes after one of the workers which was surprisely Ulene. Ace has had trouble disarming the bomb coating because it's one design which can't be disarmed. So he it in a special coating and lets the bomb go off. Out of comes so 1999-06-25
1 30 2008-02-03 Bamboo Derby II ~ Kangaroo
2 13 Episode 13 2017-09-04
Anil Gupta writers
Kevin Doyle actor
guestStars Vincent Price
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
writers Herbert Reinecker
Beau Willimon writers
'Danger! 50,000 Volts!  is a 2002 British television programme written and presented by Nick Frost, which presented viewers with various life-threatening scenarios and suggested ways out of these situations. The show was a spoof of the outdoors survival genre in which survival experts demonstrated how to improvise solutions to dangerous problems. A feature of the series was the clever and humorous use of 'danger' iconography in the graphic design of segment titles, further identifying the show with the British tradition of stoic resolve in the face of (comically) overwhelming odds. In the DVD release of the programme, a 30 minute spin-off episode called Danger! 50,000 Zombies! is included as an extra. This episode saw Frost paired up with Dr. Russell Fell, (played by Simon Pegg, who Frost co-starred with in the zombie film Shaun of the Dead, and more recently Hot Fuzz) as they dealt with the situation of a zombie outbreak and what one should 'do' in this situation. 2002-05-29 Danger! 50,000 Volts! Ended
director Na Young Seok
director Julie Martin
Michael McKean guestStars
Monty thinks Gran's soup might be the tastiest ever, but he wonders how you can know if something is the best in the world. 1 23 2016-09-07 Pea Soup
1 Suruga Monkey - Part 2 The day after his attack, Koyomi goes to see Suruga, where she tells him something about herself he can't quite grasp. 7 2009-08-21
actor James Urbaniak
Griffin Dunne guestStars
Ron Mann director
2 Freedom 2 2015-02-10 'Mary Jane's plans for an anxiety-free weekend go awry when Mark asks her to be his ''beard'' during an unexpected visit from his parents. In other events, Mary Jane's interview of a teen sex worker makes her re-evaluate her relationship with Niecy.
writers William Simpson
Liz Cackowski guestStars
writers Scott Silveri
Mark Beesley directors
Wendy Kamenoff guestStars
guestStars Rita Wilson
R. Emery Bright guestStars
Three Dummies 1 Director Na Young Seok plans to send Jung Woo, Cho Jung Seok, Kang Ha Neul, and Jeong Sang Hun to Iceland without any extra clothes or luggage. They are first asked to have dinner in Gangnam-gu as a meeting, however, the dinner turns out to be their last meal in Korea before they fly to Iceland. 2016-01-01 3
guestStars Tim Caggiano
guestStars Lisa Marshall
1 19 2017-04-05 C-H-- CHEATER! Maya and Kenneth team up to hold JJ accountable after he cheats on an exam at school. Meanwhile, Jimmy bails Ray out of a get-rich-quick scheme, but also learns the reason behind his need for some fast cash.
1 5 2008-02-03 Hand Walk ~ Quick Muscle ~ Banzai 90
Jinyoung actor
writers Julie Martin
James Whalen guestStars
Na Young Seok directors
Phil Spector's murder case is examined. 1 Phil Spector 2016-09-24 3
guestStars Neil Lewis
Exploring the city on their own, JJ and Kenneth realize strangers look at them as inspirational. The two push their luck, receiving free food and baseball game admissions. Kenneth lets this get to his head, goes overboard, and things fall apart. Meanwhile, as the family can’t do anything without having to worry about wheelchair accessibility, Dylan and Ray convince Maya to take them paintballing. But can she let herself have fun without JJ? 1 2016-10-12 I-N-S– INSPIRATIONS 4
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
director Na Young Seok
Mark Beesley director
guestStars Diane Keaton
network Channel 4
Uli Edel directors
Mal? Franti?ek V?k 1 1 'Roku 1769 se kupci V?kovi narod? syn Franti?ek. Franti?ek se od d?tstv? u?? hr?t na housle a zp?vat. M? talent, a to mu pom??e ke stipendiu v benediktinsk?m kl??te?e. Franti?ek studuje v Praze.V?k?v soused v Dobru?ce ?alman je vyzn?n?m ?esk? bratr. Kdysi m?l dokonce v?tisk Bible kralick?, ale kniha mu byla zabavena – domn?v? se, ?e za t?m st?li V?kovi.
Cole Massie guestStars
Marie P?rennou directors
B?rgermeister Tschach hat kein leichtes Leben. Nicht nur, dass seine Gemeinde Braunschlag pleite ist, will auch seine Tochter mit ihrem zwielichtigen Freund Ronnie an sein Geld, seine Ehe ist v?llig am Ende und so verbringt er seine N?chte ausschlie?lich in der maroden Disco seines unfruchtbaren Freundes Richard Pfeisinger. Mit ihm br?tet er die Schnapsidee aus, eine Marienerscheinung zu fingieren, um Braunschlag wieder zum Bl?hen zu bringen. 1 1 2012-09-18 Ein heiliges Wunder
director Gary Fleder
'After returning from his trip through time, Koyomi returns home and after he returning Mayoi's backpack, they come across a mysterious being that starts chasing them down. The two manage to escape when they meet Yotsugi who flies away with them to safety. After stealing a kiss from Koyomi to repay for her help, Yotsugi flees, leaving Koyomi at the mercy of a furious Shinobu that appears soon after and to calm her down, Koyomi kisses her too. With Mayoi still uncounscious from their predicament, Koyomi inquires Shinobu about the ''darkness'' entity they saw and she claims that she had seen it before during a trip to Japan 400 years before. She also claims that it will cause the destruction of the entire city if nothing is done about it.  Shinobu Time - Part 1 3 2013-10-27 14
writers Elizabeth Beckwith
directors Jean de Segonzac
guestStars Ken Howard
Charo L?pez actor
1 0 2012-06-09 Making of Kingdom of plants 3D was to be a series with plants as the heroes, and we needed to do them justice. Our production team at Atlantic embarked upon an exciting technological adventure, developing our own specialist camera kit to shoot 3D in extreme close-up. At Kew the loading bay of the tropical nursery was transformed into a bespoke macro studio, we developed new ways of filming 3D time-lapse, and we built whole new rigs to capture the tiniest details of plant and animal structures. All of this took meticulous planning and a herculean effort in logistics alone, but the hard work has been rewarded.
Rhonda Stubbins White guestStars
guestStars Matt Gillanders
Cal Bolder guestStars
guestStars Michael Harney
directors John McNaughton
director Ed Bye
6 2007-02-27 'Mike goes underground in Hutchinson, Kansas to learn about mining rock salt.  This episode also focuses on the behind the scenes action in filming the show. 3 Salt Miner
Joanne Linville guestStars
guestStars Roy Taguchi
Joshua Oppenheimer guestStars
writers Jeanne Blake
director Nisha Pahuja
1 2013-02-01 Chapter 3 Francis heads for his hometown to deal with a crisis. Zoe negotiates the politics of being a journalist on the rise. Claire finds herself a new business partner. 3
Ace and Cosmo are enjoying the circus when a ceiling prop goes away, ruining the ringmaster's life. Ace goes to rescue Ace's old freind, Yokiko. The next, Ace,Yokiko, and Cosmo learned about the sabotaged equipment and implement a plan to expose the sabotager to save the circus from being closed. Only moments after the Magic Express arrives at the circus, someone taunts the elephants with mice and opens the cage causing a stampede. Yokiko and Ace rounded up the elephants in the streets of Electro City with no one getting hurt. Using a special dust on the cage door, Ace notices a large set of fingerprints which seems to belong to the strongman of the circus, Igor Strongor. Ace confronts him, but Strongor knoked himself out when he runs into a wall. Then, Ace and Cosmo overhears a conversation between Yokiko and Black Jack's lawyer, Mr. Clockwise who wants Yokiko to sell the property of the circus to let Black Jack build a new casino. When Clockwise gets Spade and Diamond to finish her, 1999-05-22 13 1 Stop Clowning Around
Green Porno A series of very short films inspired by the amazing and often bizarre sexual practices of insects and other creatures. Ended
2013-06-16 SPHINX Rising While the Monarch and his wife attempt to destroy the Venture compound once and for all, the Monarch learns a startling secret about his past. Meanwhile, Twenty-One tries to create a new SPHINX... and inadvertently recruits the members of the old SPHINX. 5 3
guestStars Eliza Coyle
John Tucker Battle writers
Ahn Suk Hwan actor
James Foley directors
James Foley directors
Karen Bralove guestStars
1 0 The story and life of a black woman, her work, her family as well as her popular talk show which she hosts. 2013-07-02 Pilot
2 After Freddie and Stuart have a falling out, Stuart moves in with Ash and Violet moves in with Freddie. 2015-06-29 5 Flatmates
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
writers Julie Martin
Earl F. Hilliard Jr. guestStars
directors Doc Hammer
writers Juan Carlos Coto
director Akiyuki Shinbo
writers Noel Behn
Frank Pugliese directors
director Tom Fontana
Exposed  1 Mary Jane and Andre have decided to settle in together at her home in domestic bliss. Meanwhile, Helen is disappointed with Paul Sr. for not receiving a platinum table at an exclusive gala, so he finds an unlikely source in hopes of obtaining one. While Andre declines his invitation to accompany Mary Jane at the gala, she unexpectedly runs into her ex David. Also, Mary Jane is faced with a challenging decision at SNC involving a fellow journalist. 2014-02-11 5
guestStars The Sovereign)
guestStars Kenneth Beck
actor '	Fiona Allen
Stivi Paskoski guestStars
2 Simon returns to Reading and recalls a school project that led to him unearthing a terrible secret about his parents' marriage and his sister revealing some devastating news. 1 How I Got My Groom 2009-11-13
2 When the Gargantua-1 Space Station breaks orbit and crashes into a wanted terrorist, Colonel Bud Manstrong becomes a national hero.  But did it really happen or is Bud's mother, the indomitable Mrs. Manstrong, behind an insidious plot to assassinate the President?  The mysterious blinking band aid on Bud's head might be the key to a mystery only the ghost of Abraham Lincoln and Team Venture can solve. 9 Guess Who's Coming to State Dinner? 2006-09-10
Amelia Bullmore actor
2 1 Hand Walk ~ Quick Muscle ~ Daruma 7 2008-02-03
Andrew Freidman guestStars
2008-11-04 20 Mike takes a look at what dirty jobs past presidents once performed. This Dirty Jobs Extravaganza will leave us all looking at the country in a new way.  Dirty Presidents 4
David Oyelowo actor
2 26 Episode 26 2017-09-15
Michael Jaffe writers
directors Victor Nelli, Jr.
Seeking a new outlet for her superpowers as JJ prepares for college, Maya sets her sights on a receptive Ray. JJ gets involved in a (too) high stakes poker game, while Dylan discovers what really happens after her bedtime. N-E-- NEW JJ 4 2018-11-02 3
Jean Louisa Kelly guestStars
writers Carrie Rosen
directors Nick Wood
Michael Barry guestStars
Stan Kelly guestStars
1 Over the Small Puppy 11
director Jakob Verbruggen
director Robert Duncan McNeill
Presenting document Man On Wire 0 2014-10-22 73
Dana Gourrier guestStars
Tere Vad?n guestStars
actor Danny Miller
Fuyashi T? writers
Freddie and Stuart are an old couple who have been together for decades and bicker constantly. Their lives are turned upside down by their new upstairs neighbour Ash, who is sure to cause trouble in their mundane lives. Vicious 2013-04-29 Ended
director Robin Wright
Ana Bel?n actor
director Tom Fontana
1 Same Old Story 2017-07-19 Monty is disappointed by the ending of a story Gran reads to him and questions if you can change the way a story ends. 58
Sam Johnson writers
writers Doc Hammer
Robert Bornarth guestStars
Jason Sklar guestStars
directors Gwen Arner
director Larry Charles
Killing Me Softly 2 2016-01-16 In Miami, teenager Christin Bilotti's romance with 19-year-old Richard Rojas takes a dark turn, and Rojas winds up being lured into a deadly trap at his ex-girlfriend's home. 3
directors Jeff Schaffer
guestStars Ben Frommer
Mike celebrates his 100th dirty job as an Army mechanic and takes a look back at some of his past jobs. Also, Mike answers more viewer questions, shows even more bloopers and airs even more unaired footage. 9 2006-09-05 0 100th Dirty Job Special
1 63 2008-02-03 Like A Pierrot Ghost ~ Bamboo Derby III
David Schwimmer guestStars
David Maysles directors
Alec Berg writers
The Way to Your Heart 2 1 Ra On enters the palace as a eunuch, still living under the fake identity of Sam Nom. Although she tries her very best to get out of the palace, her plan fails every time. 2016-08-23
Larry sets up his blind friend on a date with a muslim woman. 2004-01-18 The Blind Date 4 3
9 Larry turns to a writer for advice. Searching for Susie’s missing “little sister,” he gets ticketed by an overzealous cop. 2017-10-15 A Disturbance in the Kitchen 3
1 2017-11-20 The Trials of Superman The story of how the world's first superhero came to be; how Superman's creators fought for years to receive proper credit and compensation. 3
Walt MacPherson guestStars
Cynthia Szigeti guestStars
writers Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
Elisabeth Shue guestStars
Nancy Beatty guestStars
director Tucker Gates
Agnieszka Holland directors
Leslie Silva guestStars
director Martyn Friend
1 Isabella Rossellini explores the mating habits of snails. 2008-05-05 5 Snail
Mitchel guestStars
directors John David Coles
writers Henry Bromell
guestStars Councilman 1 & 3)
Doris Schretzmayer actor
Susan Segal guestStars
director Don Scardino
director John Crowley
writers Doc Hammer
writers Brian Kratz
Nitin Sawhney guestStars
1 Richard and Kahlan rescue a young child who can read a person's mind by looking into their eyes. Listener 5 2008-11-22
writers Raf Green
Mary Steenburgen guestStars
director James Tolkan
director Jeff Schaffer
Fuyashi T? writers
2 Eternity Richard and Kahlan discover that the Stone of Tears is hidden in an enchanted land they are unable to leave. Meanwhile, a surprise reunion turns into a deadly confrontation for Cara and Zed. 2010-05-08 20
Lena Torluemke guestStars
writers Matt Roller
Richard Kind guestStars
director Erich Neureuther
2 9 Richard learns to use his wizard powers by the Sisters of the Light, while Zedd must name a new Seeker when Sister Nicci reveals a shocking secret. 2010-01-23 Dark
Carolyn Pertwee guestStars
Julianna Margulies guestStars
68 0 2014-10-08 Special Guests: Kaarina Hazard and Ismo Leikola
directors Jace Alexander
Marilyn Maxwell guestStars
Christopher Berry guestStars
writers Michael S. Chernuchin
actor Molly Parker
2015-01-10 2 6 The case of teenager Tabitha Messina, who with her partner Carlos Christopher attacked her father and his girlfriend with an axe and a crowbar after breaking into their house in September 2008. The pair then ransacked the property and escaped with two stolen vehicles Anything For My Baby
writers Doc Hammer
Kurt Engfehr directors
1 Hart and Cohle call a truce to investigate a series of disappearances that may be related to the Dora Lange murder and the Tuttle family. 7 After You've Gone 2014-03-02
guestStars Raymond Massey
Patricia Cutts guestStars
Richard Liebmann-Smith guestStars
Paul Walker directors
Patricia Medina guestStars
directors Richard Pearce
writers Tom Fontana
director Christine Gernon
directors Felix Feist
1984-11-25 1 Romantics & Realists, 1870-1920 Subtle emotional shadings in Thomas Hardy, Gerard Manley Hopkins, A.E. Housman, and Rudyard Kipling. Featured performers: Peggy Ashcroft, Nicholas Gecks, Julian Glover, and Ian Richardson. 14
1997-11-14 'The young man that was stalking Brittany in Baltimore is interviewed and relates that he saw her being attacked by someone. When going to question the parents, the New York and Baltimore detectives discover that the Janaways have returned to Baltimore, so they make the trip to Charm City. They get the father in the box and he demands that they prove he did it. The attorneys fight over jurisdiction, but the judge rules in favor of Baltimore and the two teams of prosecutors must work together. When the father is put on the stand he gives an alibi, a surprise that gives the detectives 48 hours to verify this alibi. When the alibi checks out, they bring in both of the parents to get to the truth. (Baby, It's You (1) aired on Law & Order, season 8, episode 6.) 6 5 Baby, It's You (2)
Liar's Poker 1 'In Reno, NV, casino ''pit boss'' Jerry Cassadav falls for sexy Sharee Miller. They begin a steamy online affair, but their relationship gets tricky when Sharee tells Jerry that she's married to a mobster who has found out about their affair. 5 2013-11-30
Kim Yoo-jung actor
directors Nick Wood
1 2008-06-01 Shadowman 9:  In the Cradle of Destiny The truths and half-truths about Dr. Venture's past arch nemesis, Dr. Girlfriend and The Monarch, are revealed. 3
writers Miriam Datskovsky
1 2011-05-29 1 Congratulations DC Rachel Bailey, DC Janet Scott and the team take on a new case - a young Turkish woman has been killed, and her murder made to look like suicide. Rachel finds out that the woman's husband was having an affair, and takes a risk when it comes to interviewing the man's mistress. Will her high-stakes approach get results? She also uses her police privileges to carry out an investigation into her own ex - and is horrified to discover that he is married with two children. Meanwhile, Janet agrees to take another look at the case of an old school friend, Veronica, who was abducted and murdered when they were children.
Caroline Aaron guestStars
writers Carey Wilber
guestStars Elizabeth Hanna
Traber Burns guestStars
director Bill Purple
Mark Rogers guestStars
2005-12-04 Larry finally learns the truth regarding his possible adoption, and makes his final decision about a kidney donation for Richard Lewis. 10 5 The End
director Clark Johnson
guestStars Martin Landau
network ABC (US)
60 1 Super Rider III ~ Sponge Bridge II 2008-02-03
directors Christine Gernon
Susan Rollman guestStars
Larry is accused of betraying the confidences of Wanda's boyfriend, Crazy-Eyez Killa, a rapper he met at a party. Later, Larry alienates Jeff's wife Susie by declining her house-tour offer. He encounters further problems when he tries to replace a sports jacket Cheryl threw out. 2002-11-03 8 Krazee-Eyez Killa 3
writers James Yoshimura
director Na Young Seok
guestStars Mary Jefferson
2 'The Vaultkeeper and the Old Witch meet at the beach and swap stories. In ''Cold Blood, Warm Heart,'' the Old Witch tells the tales of two lakes that are haunted by monsters. 2 Cold Blood, Warm Hearts 1994-09-17
David Steinberg director
network Discovery
guestStars Ken Kramer
Akiyuki Shimbou writers
1 11 2015-08-10 Episode 11
Dean Winters guestStars
Marty Moreau guestStars
First, Catch a Tiger 1 Two of the three men who brought in and helped to hang an outlaw have been killed by an assassin. The third man, Paladin, is staying at a hotel where one of the guests is the killer. 1959-09-12 3
Rick Overton guestStars
1 2019-06-01 18 Won Bong infiltrates the Joseon Governor Office disguised as an electrician. He plants a bomb in one of the offices and hides in the basement waiting for it to detonate. When the bomb fails to explode, he heads back up to manually detonate the explosive device. The Electrician
The Dream Merchant 24 1962-03-18 3
Janice Rule guestStars
guestStars Ritchie Montgomery
Robert B. Weide directors
Undermined 6 2013-05-08 The team investigate the suspicious death of care home resident Gerald French after his daughter Catherine raises some concerns about the level of care her father had been receiving. Shy trainee, Rosie is seen slapping a resident and she is upset to discover that her mentor doesn’t have her best interests at heart. 3
guestStars President Barack Obama
Baek Sung-Hyun actor
'Junpyo believes in Jandi’s innocence and treats her wounds. This moves Jandi’s heart, and Junpyo finally announces that Jandi is his girlfriend. At that moment, Jihoo, came back from Paris, appears in front of them.During the weekend, Junpyo and the F4 take Jandi and her friend Ga-eul to New Caledonia. In there, Junpyo takes Jandi to breathtaking sceneries, but Jandi’s mind is still on Jihoo. 1 Episode 5 5 2009-01-19
Victor Turpin guestStars
writers Nic Pizzolatto
Uli Edel directors
director Kathryn Bigelow
director Sutton Rolley
writers Jonathan Harvey
actor Sakina Jaffrey
writers Seth Kurland
Neal Moran guestStars
Daniel DeSanto guestStars
guestStars Steffen Vala
John McLiam guestStars
writers Kenneth Lin
Melanie Paxon guestStars
directors Bruno Kirby
Hal Baylor guestStars
guestStars Kevin Corrigan
directors Daniel Kontur
1961-11-05 Show Me a Hero 6 Adam runs into an old war buddy named Scotty Bell and hires him as a temporary deck hand. 3
1997-05-16 22 Mike and Julianna wake up the morning after a night of drinking and passion. The investigation into Beau's death continues; Howard wants to be the primary while Frank tries to maintain control. Gee asks her to step aside and let him do the job with a more unbiased approach. The investigation creates some unlikely pairings: Pembleton with Gharty and Bayliss with Falsone and Munch on his own. Meanwhile, Howard and Russert make arrangements for Beau's funeral. Lewis and Kellerman's investigation into a homicide is stalled; when Kellerman's hangover laden police work is shoddy. When it appears as thought the investigation is going nowhere; Kay demands to be put on the case. Gee refuses. Because of his bad day and finding Julianna drinking with someone at the Waterfront Bar, Kellerman suggests that they should stop drinking. Frank tries to call Mary; eventually they connect and reconcile; with Frank saying that he is willing to give it all up. They find out who killed Beau, but when they go 5 Strangers and Other Partners (2)
director John L'Ecuyer
writers Nic Pizzolatto
Peter Markle directors
writers William Rabkin
directors Robert Florey
2 2 Baz Ashmawy and his mother Nancy's adventures take them to Scandinavia, where they undergo a nailbiting gyrocopter ride, drive a colossal tank and charge across the snow on a dog sled. Their trip ends at Santa's Elf School, where Nancy is in for a big surprise. 2015-09-08 Scandinavia
guestStars Alexa Sutherland
Sarah Chalke guestStars
guestStars Winnie Holzman
Chris Rock guestStars
Episode 14 2019-06-23 3 14
Doc Hammer guestStars
directors Christopher McCulloch as Jackson Publick
writers Tom Fontana
John Tran guestStars
Paulina Gillis guestStars
1972-02-06 1 1
writers Sally Wainwright
director Na Young Seok
1 When an unknown entity takes over Kari's body, the digi-destined's future will change forever, but will it stop the fight between Tai and Matt? 45 2000-04-08 The Ultimate Clash
2 7 John Parr gets his revenge against Chef by kidnapping his son, while the police start to piece together the facts about Simone's murder. Danny is thrown out by the Quinlans when he tells them he will be a witness on behalf of Lucy Archer, against Tony Quinlan and his two co-defendants. Mrs Archer is upset about the backlash that has resulted from her daughter's allegations. Bernie tells Father Matthew about her pregnancy. 1999-02-21 Episode 7
Rachel Wulff guestStars
Niklas Meltio guestStars
writers James Yoshimura
Akiyuki Shimbou writers
Charles Wright guestStars
director Alik Sakharov
The fifth column 1963-06-06 Ended
Billy Linders guestStars
actor Dana Med?ick?
2 4 Away from It All 1960-10-24
director Paul Walker
Francie Swift guestStars
Lewis and Kellerman interview a suspect and uncover a 10-year-old crime, which is assigned to Howard and Munch. Tim lets Frank's secret about Mary's pregnancy slip out. Howard and Munch find the body from the 10-year-old murder bricked up in a wall. John has a date with Alyssa, the ME, but finds himself in bed with her new roommate before their date, so he begins avoiding her. Howard and Munch's murder suspect has a fascination for former Baltimore resident Edgar Allan Poe. Munch plays up that angle while trying to break their suspect. 7 1995-12-08 Heartbeat 4
guestStars Rosemary Polen
Mike travels to Alaska for an adventure aboard a fish processing ship. 2008-04-21 8 Floating Fish Factory 4
Randy Jurgensen guestStars
Bert Freed guestStars
Danny Chun writers
Michael David guestStars
writers Brian Kratz
Mark Rogers guestStars
director Fr?d?rique Barraja
writers Helmuth Ashley
2 2010-03-20 Bound Richard is forced to protect Kahlan's greatest enemy when Kahlan is put under a life-threatening spell only her enemy can remove. 14
Nina Hellman guestStars
Diane Taylor writers
1 Monty Rides Again Monty is nervous about trying skateboarding and begins wondering why some people just seem to have courage and others don't. 2017-11-01 73
director Daniel Sackheim
Bon Appetit - Shrimp 2009-09-14 Isabella Rossellini explores the shrimp. 3 3
writers Alvin Sapinsley
Claudia Cohen guestStars
director Morag Fullarton
LaTanya Richardson guestStars
2 2014-02-14 12 Francis finds himself shut out and Claire makes a difficult sacrifice. Stamper tries to regain control. Chapter 25
1 0 2017-03-18 A Story That Shouldn't Be Missed
Lou George guestStars
Naomi Jacobson guestStars
Michael Pertwee writers
guestStars Simon Oakland
Laura Shepherd directors
Appointment at Tara-Bi 1 1961-10-01 3
Duane Chandler Rawlings guestStars
Katherine Dow Blyton actor
Akiyuki Shimbou director
writers Doc Hammer
directors Nina Davenport
writers Julie Martin
Liz Benoit guestStars
Bill Kennedy writers
Larry David writers
2 8 Larry becomes an unlikely role model for battered women. Richard Lewis's relationship with a burlesque performer is put to the test. Leon survives a case of mistaken identity. The Safe House 2011-07-17
Bleach For as long as he can remember, Ichigo Kurosaki has been able to see ghosts. But when he meets Rukia, a Soul Reaper who battles evil spirits known as Hollows, he finds his life is changed forever when Rukia transfers most of her powers to him. Now a Soul Reaper himself with a newfound wealth of spiritual energy, Ichigo discovers his true calling: to protect the living and the dead from evil. 2004-10-05 Ended
Beau Willimon writers
Jay Novello guestStars
Bridget Regan actor
2 2 Episode 2 1999-01-17 The forbidden passion between Father Matthew and married parishioner Bernie Quinlan is about to erupt. Parr is struggling to summon up the courage to dispose of his wife's body when his sister-in-law Beverly turns up.
Koyomi is confronted by Shinobu's first minion, the original apparition killer. But instead of starting a battle, the samurai makes a simple request. 11 2015-12-13 4 Shinobu Mail - Part 5
Daniel Baldwin guestStars
Mark Roberts guestStars
2 0 I think it's about time I talked about Kiss-Shot-Acerola-Orion Heart-Under-Blade. I believe it's something I have to do. I met her in the spring break between my second and third years of high school. That meeting had such impact, and was also quite devastating. 2016-01-08 Kizumonogatari I: Iron Blood Arc
director Leslie Libman
director Josef Leytes
director Takeshi Koike
Who Wants to Be a Millionaire (UK) 1998-09-01 Continuing 'Hosted by Chris Tarrant, possibly the most well known quiz show in the world, it is no wonder Who Wants to be a Millionaire has been nominated and won so many BAFTAs. In this show Chris Tarrant asks someone 15 questions, with multiple choice answers, which gets harder as the show goes on. They have three life-lines, Phone a Friend, Ask the Audience and 50/50. Though America has formed a rip off version of this, this is the real McCoy. Though America has had about ten winners, the pound is worth more, so the questions are harder. 5 millionaire's have been made in this fantastic game show. There is a money tree, which you will progress through the questions.£1,000,000£500,000£250,000£125,000£64,000£32,000£16,000£8000£4000£2000£1000£500£300£200£100 The bold ones mean that once you have reached them, you are guaranteed to win AT LEAST that amount of money. There are only two though, so watch out!
Larry has bad luck on the same golf hole twice. The Black Swan 7 7 2009-11-01
director J?rgen Goslar
1960-05-02 1 29 Beached
Nicky Gaudagni guestStars
Laura Roth guestStars
June Diane Raphael guestStars
Kathryn Erbe guestStars
2 'The fire investigation continues. Bayliss' back is acting up and Kellerman is paired with Pembleton. Kellerman shows Gee something, so he is offered a transfer into the department that he first rejects. Kay takes the sergeant's exam, Munch misses it due a ''''comedy of errors.'''' 1995-10-27 Fire (2) 4
Colby Donaldson guestStars
actor Dan Ziskie
Al Freeman Jr. guestStars
Robert Lafferman guestStars
1 Junpyo’s mother rushes the wedding, and Jaekyung asks Jandi to be her bridesmaid. On the day before the wedding, F4, Jandi and Gaeul arrived at Jeju Island for the wedding, and the complication between Junpyo, Jaekyung, Jandi and Jihoo reaches the climax. Junhee advises Junpyo not to do something that he is going to regret. Junpyo goes down on his knees and ask Jaekyung to break off the engagement. 2009-03-17 21 Episode 21
Robert B. Weide director
Carmen Phillips guestStars
1 10 The cricket and the Bombardon
guestStars Alexander Webb
Dean Winters guestStars
guestStars Kenneth Schmidt
guestStars Paleface
Interviews: Museum of Television and Radio, with Larry David 0 21
guestStars Gwen Murray
guestStars Estelle Harris
writers Tom Fontana